




	個股_研究報告_鉅亨網

























鉅亨網

研究報告



第一次使用？免費註冊 | 登入



















首頁
新聞

台股



台股首頁
台指期
選擇權
權證
興櫃
未上市



新聞頭條










外匯



外匯首頁
新聞
即時報價
看盤室
主要匯價
交叉匯率
新台幣
人民幣
日元
歐元



新聞頭條





全球市場



全球市場首頁
國際股
美股
港股
滬深股
日股
國際期貨
債券
黃金
全球央行
經濟指標
StockQ



新聞頭條





基金



基金首頁
我的基金

基金搜尋
基金排行

債劵專區
配息專區

研究報告



新聞頭條





交易



基金交易



鉅亨基金交易平台

交易登入
免費開戶
最新優惠
投資雷達




理財



理財首頁
銀行服務
房貸
投資分析
民生物價
試算工具
理財新聞
理財雜誌
固定收益
保險
租賃
股市地圖



新聞頭條





海外房產



海外房產首頁
馬來西亞
日本
泰國
柬埔寨
澳洲
英國

房地產新聞




新聞頭條





部落格



部落格首頁
名家專區
人氣排行榜
最新文章



人氣排行榜



主題投資















頭條
總覽

排行
宏觀
指標
時事
深度
台股
興櫃
美股
a股
港股
國際股
外匯
期貨
能源
黃金
基金
房產
產業


理財
研究報告

研究報告首頁
總覽
排行
台股
基金
外匯
黃金
全球股市
國際期貨
美股
個股
滬深股
債券
宏觀經濟

























                    總覽 > 個股







                            TerraSky Co., Ltd. (JP-3915) TSE Mothers


                            2017-05-22 
                            提供機構：FISCO                                                                                                                                                 
                             作者：FISCO                                             
                             點閱次數：2
                        




















 





















                            字體







◆ Summary 
Growing
Continuously as the leading Cloud Integrator
1. Company and business overview 
TerraSky Co., Ltd. <3915> (hereafter, also “the Company”) is the leading cloud integrator in
the Japanese market for cloud computing. The Company operates two business
segments, a Solution Business, which supports the development of optimal
systems that use cloud computing and develops such systems, and a Product
Business, which develops and supplies cloud computing services. The Solution
Business provides 80% of the Company’s consolidated sales and 66% of its operating income before
adjustments, while the Product Business accounts for 20% of consolidated sales
and 34% of pre-adjusted operating income. Of total consolidated sales, 79%
comes from services that facilitate the use of services from Salesforce.com,
Inc. and 21% comes from services that facilitate the use of Amazon Web Services
(AWS). Having provided integration services for the introduction of more than
2,500 cloud computing systems and possessing overwhelming number of top-quality
certified engineers, the Company easily attracts business proposals from other
companies. The Company has established a mutually reinforcing cycle through
which it and its engineers acquire knowhow and recognition through many past
projects, enabling them to gain new business. The demand for cloud computing in
Japan is growing rapidly, and the Company holds a position of competitive
superiority in the field of cloud integration, which has great growth
potential. 
2. FY2/17 financial results 
In the fiscal year through February 2017, i.e., in FY2/17, the
Company’s consolidated net sales grew 42.5%
year on year (YoY) to ¥3,534mn, but its operating income decreased by 22.2% to ¥202mn. In the Solution Business, sales
increased 47.6% YoY to ¥2,819mn, while operating income fell 9.5% to ¥407mn. In the Product Business, sales
advanced 25.4% YoY to ¥714mn and operating income rose 6.6% to ¥208mn. As Salesforce.com increased its
sales in Japan, the Company expanded its sales of products for Salesforce
services, supporting the large sales increase in the Product Business and an
upturn in the business’s operating income despite the costs of promoting a new product
called mitoco and an increase in personnel costs in the business. In the
Solution Business, sales jumped 47.6% YoY, reflecting an increase in the number
of large orders received and an increase in the need to improve projects
completed earlier. However, operating income in the Solution Business declined
YoY because of several factors, including an increase in the number of
engineers in the business, an increase in the amount of subcontracted work, and
the prolongation of special development projects. 
3. FY2/18 Company forecast 
For FY2/18, the Company projects a 42.7% YoY increase in
consolidated net sales to ¥5,044mn and a 6.4% rise in consolidated operating income to ¥215mn. Sales in the Solution Business
are projected to grow 44.7% to ¥4,078mn, and sales in the Product Business are seen climbing by
35.3% to ¥966mn. However, operating income growth
is seen to be limited by the costs of developing new products and of increasing
the work force. 
4. Company targets ordinary income of ¥1.0bn for FY2/20, but still in the
investment phase of expansion 
The Company’s medium-term plan of operations aims
to earn a consolidated ordinary income of ¥1.0bn in FY2/20. While sales should continue to expand rapidly
YoY through FY2/20, profits and profit margins are likely to grow modestly
through FY2/20 because of heavy investments in personnel and new products.
Profits and margins should expand more rapidly from FY2/21.


◆ Company profile 
A top-class cloud integrator in Japan 
1. Company profile 
TerraSky co. is Japan’s
top-class cloud integrator. Since its founding in 2006, the Company has
specialized in cloud computing services, contributing significantly to the
development of the cloud computing market in Japan. Salesforce and AWS hold the
largest shares of the Japanese market for the cloud computing services in which
TerraSky specializes. TerraSky has provided services for the implementation of
more than 2,500 cloud computing contracts in Japan. Its customers span the
ranges of size and industry. TerraSky has five consolidated subsidiaries,
including TerraSky Inc., Sky365 Co. Ltd., BeeX Inc., Cloudia Japan Inc., and
Kitalive Inc. An affiliate, Serverworks Co., Ltd., is accounted for by the
equity method in its consolidated accounts.
2. History 
The Company was established as Head Inc. in 2006 to specialize
in the development of cloud computing services. Company president Hideya Sato
left IBM Japan, Ltd. to join the Japanese subsidiary of Salesforce.com, Inc.
(CRM), which he helped to expand. In 2007, the Company changed its name to
TerraSky Co., Ltd. 
In 2008, the Company started marketing its SkyEditor screen
development service and its SkyOnDemand data integration service. In 2012, the
Company released the AppComponent service, which enable systems developers and
vendors enhance the capabilities of the SkyVisualEditor screen development
service and provide application programs. In 2013, the Company started selling
its Cloud ERP Concierge Service, its Automigration for Notes package, which
enables the automatic migration from Notes to Salesforce, and its Hybrid Cloud
Solution service. In 2016, the Company entered a new field of business by
launching sales of its mitoco socialware service. 
In 2010, TerraSky concluded an equity investment and business
development contract with NTT Software Corporation (now called NTT TechnoCross
Corporation), and in 2013, it formed a similar agreement with Serverworks Co.,
Ltd., which is a primary vendor to AWS. In 2014, the Company concluded an
equity investment agreement with Salesforce.com, Inc., of the US. In 2012,
TerraSky Co. established subsidiary TerraSky Inc. in California, and through
this subsidiary, it started selling its cloud computing services in North
America. In 2015, TerraSky Co. listed its shares on the Mothers market of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange. In 2016, the Company concluded equity investment and
business development agreements with Ecomott Inc., which is engaged in the internet
of things (IoT), and with Cloudia Japan Inc., which provides cloud integration
services in Kyushu, Japan. Also in 2016, the Company established subsidiary
BeeX, which provides cloud integration services for migrating from a simple
cloud computing system to a cloud computing system based on SAP Inc.’s main ERP software. Finally, in 2016, the Company, with Win
Consul Inc., established subsidiary Kitalive Inc., which also provides cloud
integration services.


In
its first fiscal year, through February 2007, the Company reported sales of ¥150mn.
Every year since then, its sales have increased, reaching ¥3,534mn in FY2/17.
For FY2/18, the Company projects sales of ¥5,044mn, which would match the high
rate of sales growth achieved in FY2/17.


◆ Japan’s cloud computing market and Company’s businesses 
Leading
market development as a specialist in cloud computing services
1. Japan’s
cloud computing market 
In the first half of the 1960’s, Japanese companies adopted mainframe computers. Since the 1980’s, mainframe computers have been replaced by desktop office
computers and minicomputers. In the 1990’s, the computer industry emphasized client servers. Between 2005
and 2010, cloud computing appeared in Japan, prompting a paradigm shift in
Japan’s IT industry dominated by companies and platforms such as
Salesforce, Amazon Web Services, Google, and Microsoft Azure. With the spread
of cloud computing, IT applications have entered an era in which usage is more
important than ownership.
The cloud is a platform that
allows the offering of software and data through a network as a service, rather
than as components of a computer system. A user of the cloud for computing does
not need to buy hardware, software, and data, and the construction and
maintenance of a cloud computing system requires less time and effort than the
construction and maintenance of an on-premises computer system. Thus, the use
of cloud computing lowers costs and improves work efficiency. Cloud computing
can be used by companies of any size and in any industry, requires no initial
investment, and can be implemented in a short period of time. These large
advantages over client server systems have motivated Japanese companies to
adopt cloud computing. 
According
to MM Research Institute, Ltd., the Japanese market for cloud computing
services was valued at ¥1.0108trn in the government’s fiscal 2015, which ran
through March 2016. This institute forecasts that this market will grow to ¥3.3882trn
by fiscal 2020, or to 3.4 times the size of the market in fiscal 2015, for
average annual growth of 27.4%. As many Japanese companies still use client
server systems, there appears to be ample room for TerraSky co. to expand its
business.


2. Company’s
business segments 
The Company’s two business segments are the
Solution Business and the Product Business. In FY2/17, the Solution Business
provided 80% of the Company’s consolidated sales and 66% of its
operating income, while the Product Business accounted for 20% of consolidated
sales and 34% of pre-adjusted operating income.


In
FY2/17, 79% of the Company’s total consolidated sales were made to facilitate
the use of services provided by Salesforce.com, Inc. and 21% were made to
facilitate the use of Amazon Web Services (AWS). Salesforce. com applications
thus remained the leading sales driver in FY2/17, but they were less dominant
than they had been in FY2/16, when they accounted for 96% of total sales, while
AWS applications accounted for only 4%. The Company’s sales for Salesforce.com
applications grew YoY in FY2/17, but not by as large a rate as its sales for
AWS applications.


(1)
Solution Business 
The Solution Business supports the development of optimal
systems using the cloud that satisfy a customer company’s needs. The business also develops
such systems. Its three main services are cloud integration, cloud consulting,
and cloud ERP. To facilitate the introduction or implementation of the front
office systems Salesforce and AWS, the Solution Business undertakes a wide
range of services, from defining requirements to design, development, testing,
operation, validation of effectiveness, planning improvement policies, and
systemization planning. TerraSky Co. has licensed Salesforce products from
Salesforce.com, Inc. 
The Solution Business of TerraSky Co. serves mainly large
corporate customers. Consolidated subsidiary Cloudia Japan offers consulting
services for the introduction of Salesforce products to companies in Kyushu,
while consolidated subsidiary Kitalive provides similar services to companies in
Hokkaido. Equity-accounted affiliate Serverworks provides cloud integration
services for the introduction of cloud systems, mainly AWS. Consolidated
subsidiary Sky365, which is owned 61.5% by TerraSky Co. and 38.5% by
Serverworks, provides MSP services for the cloud. Although many large Japanese
companies have introduced cloud services, many small and medi­um-sized
companies have not. Thus, Cloudia Japan and Kitalive should be able to
introduce cloud services to smaller companies and companies in rural areas of
Japan. 
Furthermore, BeeX is promoting the migration from simple cloud
systems to the cloud system based on the many ERP systems operated globally by
SAP Inc. Thus, SAP’s cloud services may become the next
main target of TerraSky’s services, following the cloud
services of Salesforce and AWS. In December 2016, TerraSky co. became the only
Japanese company certified as a Gold Partner for the cloud enterprise
application GLOVIA OM developed by Fujitsu Ltd. <6702>. Agencies
affiliated with TerraSky are now selling GLOVIA OM, thereby expanding the
involvement of TerraSky in cloud ERP services. Since the GLOVIA OM application
is used mainly by smaller companies, while SAP’s ERP services are used mainly by larger companies, there should
be little competitive overlap between the services.


TerraSky has implemented more
than 2,500 Saleforce applications for companies of all sizes, in many
industries, and with a wide range of capabilities. Among its clients are the
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. <8411>, Odakyu Electric Railway Co. Ltd.
<9007> Group, and the World Wildlife Federation. 
In FY2/17, the Solution
Business generated net sales of ¥2,819mn
and operating income before adjustments of ¥407mn for a segment operating income
margin of 14.4%. 
(2)
Product Business 
TerraSky is developing and
marketing cloud services as a vendor of software as a service (SaaS), i.e.,
software provided through the internet. These services include the screen
development services SkyVisual Editor and SuPICE, the data integration services
SkyOnDemand and DataSpiderCloud, the socialware service mitoco, and the IAS
service for insurance agencies. Many companies in Japan use these services to
adjust aspects of their IT systems, such as screens and logic. In particular,
the SkyVisualEditor service and the SkyOnDemand service have become de facto
standards in Japan’s IT industry. 
TerraSky had previously
developed products for engineers in charge of developing and maintaining
systems, but in July 2016, the Company released its first socialware
(groupware) service, mitoco. The Japanese government is promoting a revolution
in work styles, and Japanese companies are also introducing flexible work
styles, such as working at home. Groupware is a corporate communication tool
that is expected to become more important in coming years. The mitoco
socialware service differs from competing services now used by many companies
in that it is based on the cloud. Current socialware services use database
engines that were designed a long time ago when today’s cloud environment was not foreseen.
Thus, it is difficult to use these socialware services on smartphones. To
operate as originally intended, these services put great stress on computer
systems. The mitoco service was developed for use on the cloud, and its simple
operating system makes it easy to select desired functions. As a platform for
linking with the applications of other companies, it is very expandable. For
these reasons, the mitoco service is easy to use, not only for managers of
computer systems, but also for general company employees. In cooperation with
Ecomott Inc., a maker of IT devices, TerraSky has developed a sensor that
enables the mitoco service to detect the usage of conference rooms and an IoT
option service for functions such as managing vehicles. Sometimes, conference
rooms are reserved but are not in use during the reserved time. The conference
room sensor automatically sends a message to the person who has reserved the
unused room, and if that person does not respond soon, the sensor can
automatically cancel the reservation, allowing others to use the room.
Similarly, the vehicle management service promotes the efficient use of
vehicles by matching reservations with actual use. The drive recorder
incorporated in this service allows vehicle managers to monitor the operation
of vehicles, any mechanical problems they may encounter. The mitoco service has
already been adopted by SOMPO Systems Inc., Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire
Insurance Co., Ltd., Nikkei Inc., and other companies, and the Company
anticipates an increase in orders for the service. The name mitoco was derived
from the English-language expression, “More
in today’s company”. 
The Product Business is
conducted by TerraSky Co. and TerraSky Inc. NTT Software, with which TerraSky holds
an equity investment and business alliance, is a general sales agent for the
sale of the SkyOnDemand service in Japan, but TerraSky Inc. handles all product
sales in North America. 
In
FY2/17, the Product Business generated sales of ¥714mn and operating income of ¥208mn
for a high segment operating income margin of 29.2%.
3. Strengths 
TerraSky co. has three main strengths. The first is vast
experience. As of March 2017, the Company had imple­mented more than 2,500
cloud computing services for companies of varying size, capability, and
industry. With this much experience, the Company has acquired substantial
knowhow in cloud integration, including knowledge of project management and
product quality control. It is one of a few Japanese companies that can
undertake large cloud integration projects, and it appears to be the most
competitive of this small group. For the past 11 years, the magazine Nikkei
Computer has ranked companies providing cloud services in Japan. For the past
six years, TerraSky Co. has been selected as one of the leading suppliers of
assistance for the implementation of cloud services in the public sector. 
The second strength of TerraSky co. is the number and quality of
its engineers, which are unmatched in Japan’s cloud integration industry. The
number of certifications or awards won by the Company’s engineers attests to their high
quality. Salesforce.com has presented MVP awards to only five engineers in
Japan, and two of those five work for TerraSky co. There are only nine
certified technical architects in Japan, and three of them work for TerraSky.
The Company employs the largest number of Certified Advanced Platform
Developers, Platform Application Builders, Advanced Administrators, Platform
Developers, SalesCloud Consultants, and ServiceCloud Consultants in Japan. It
also employs many engineers who are certified by AWS, including Certified
Solutions Architect Professionals, DevOps Engineer Professionals, Developers,
and SysOps Administrators. The Company encourages its engineers to improve
their technical skills, pays competitive salaries, and controls working hours.
Thus, it attracts high-quality engineers, and its engineer retention rate is
high, compared with the average retention rate in the industry. 
TerraSky’s third strength is its ability to
serve more than one platform. Salesforce has the greatest need for cloud
integration services, so it is TerraSky’s top priority service, while AWS is the second. One reason that
companies buy the cloud service provided by Salesforce and AWS is that these
companies have enough engineers to provide the services in greatest demand.
These companies hold top shares of the global markets for platforms as a
service (PaaS) and infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and in recent years, the
sales of Salesforce have grown at an average annual rate of 30%, while the
sales of AWS have risen at an average annual rate of 55%. These sales growth
rates indicate that TerraSky’s orders from these companies are
likely to grow by similar rates.


FISCO believes that the
Company’s greatest strength is the
cyclical reinforcement of the three strengths cited above. In other words, by
completing many projects, the Company and its engineers gained substantial
knowhow and valuable experience, which extended the Company’s superiority in the Japanese market for
cloud services, making it easy to acquire new projects. 
4. Business risks 
The
Company will have to hire and retain enough engineers to expand its business.
Although there is a labor shortage in Japan and hiring is very competitive, it
appears that the Company can obtain personnel more easily as it grows in scale
and its reputation spreads. Regardless of whether it can hire as many engineers
as it wants, hiring appears to be getting easier for the Company than it used
to be. The Company is trying to improve its working environment and to build a
workplace where ambitions technicians can continue to pursue attractive
projects aggressively. A long-term business risk is that the Company may react
to the next great paradigm shift in Japan’s rapidly changing IT industry too
slowly. It is President Sato’s top priority to insure that the Company remains
alert to potential paradigm shifts.
◆ Medium-term Plan 
Targeting
a consolidated ordinary income of ¥1.0bn in FY2/20
The Company’s medium-term plan addresses management
issues that appeared in the second year after listing its shares. It calls for
investing heavily in human resources and in developing services in artificial
intelligence, the internet of things, and enterprise resource planning on the
cloud platform to better serve Japan’s
rapidly growing market for cloud services. As a result of implementing this
strategy, the Company intends to earn a consolidated ordinary income of ¥1.0bn in FY2/20. 
However, the plan has two
phases. In the first phase, from FY2/17 through FY2/19, the Company will invest
significantly while maintaining rapid sales growth. In the second phase, from
FY2/20 through FY2/22, profit growth will be given greater emphasis. In the
first phase, while selling more products, AI products and IoT products, mainly
for Salesforce, the Company will hire and train more engineers, develop new
products, expedite M&A, and plant the seeds to cope with future
competition. In the second phase, the Company plans to take advantage of its
number one position in Japan’s
cloud integration industry to improve its profits and profitability. The
Company may also start paying dividends in FY2/20 if it achieves its profit
forecasts. 
In
order to achieve its targets, the Company is aware that it must do four things:
raise project profitability, increase the sales weighting of the Product
Business, ensure an adequate supply of engineers, and generate synergy among
the companies in its group.


◆ Results trends 
Phase of investment priority 
1. FY2/17 results 
In FY2/17, the Company’s
consolidated net sales climbed 42.5% YoY to ¥3,534mn, while its operating income declined 22.2% to ¥202mn, its ordinary income decreased 10.9% to ¥216mn, and its net income attributable to owners of the parent
fell 14.7% to ¥128mn. In the Solution Business, sales
growth reflected brisk orders for the construction of cloud systems, and the
aggregate number of cloud services, such as Salesforce, implemented by the Company
exceeded 2,000. In addition, sales growth was led by an increase in the number
of users of the Company’s products. The initial consolidation
of CloudiaJapan Inc. and two other subsidiaries also contributed to sales
growth. Several factors contributed to the declines in profits. Advertising and
promotion costs increased as a result of marketing the new mitoco socialware
service. The number of man-hours of labor and the outsourcing cost increased as
some special development projects took longer to complete than had been
scheduled. The Company sped up the hiring of employees, mainly engineers, and
some of its consolidated subsidiaries suffered losses. However, only one of the
Company’s projects suffered a loss, of ¥5.0mn, in FY2/17, down from 21 loss-making projects with losses
totaling ¥18.0mn in FY2/15. This decline resulted
from improved project management, including more detailed information about
project proposals and assistance to financially struggling projects. The
Company’s operating income margin dropped to
5.7% in FY2/17 from 10.5% in FY2/16, but this was due to the increased
investment by the Company and was within the range of management’s expectations. The Company’s ROE was 12.2% in FY2/17, and its ratio of ordinary income to
total assets was 10.1%.


(1)
Business segments 
In the Solution Business, sales grew 47.6% YoY to ¥2,819mn, but segment profit (operating income before
adjustments) weakened by 9.5% to ¥407mn. The business received more
orders for large projects, i.e., projects worth more than ¥10mn each, than it had in FY2/16, and it improved more
previously installed systems and services, leading to the sales rise. Segment
profit declined because the business hired more engineers, and its outsourcing
costs increased. Furthermore, the business aggressively pursued some projects
linked to large systems and some that required new technology, and these
projects took longer to develop than originally planned. In the Product
Business, sales grew 25.4% YoY to ¥714mn,
and segment profit increased 6.6% to ¥208mn.
An expansion of the Japanese market for Salesforce products supported the sales
increase. Segment profit increased at a smaller rate than sales because
advertising and promotion costs grew as a result of marketing the new mitoco
socialware service and because the business hired more personnel.




(2)
Consolidated subsidiaries 
FY2/17 marked a turnaround in the contributions of consolidated
subsidiaries to sales and profits. In the final quarter of FY2/16, two
consolidated subsidiaries contributed total sales of ¥23mn. With the consolidation of BeeX Inc. in the first quarter
of FY2/17, total sales from consolidated subsidiaries rose to ¥59mn in the first quarter and 106mn in the second quarter. With
the consolidation of CloudiaJapan Inc. in the third quarter of FY2/17, sales
from all consolidated subsidiaries reached ¥185mn that quarter. The consolidation of Kitalive Inc. in the
fourth quarter helped total sales from consolidated subsidiaries reach ¥270mn that quarter. Consolidated subsidiaries suffered an
operating loss of ¥8mn in the first quarter of FY2/17, but
in the following three quarters, they reported aggregate operating income of ¥6mn, ¥7mn, and ¥4mn, respectively.




(3)
Financial position and cash flows 
At the end of FY2/17, the Company’s assets totaled ¥2,552mn, which was ¥791mn more than the total a year earlier. Current assets
increased by ¥437mn YoY in FY2/17, and non-current
assets grew by ¥352mn. Among current assets, cash and
deposits increased, as did trade notes and accounts receivable. Goodwill
increased by ¥73mn, and other intangible assets
expanded by ¥242mn YoY in FY2/17, led by a ¥178mn increase in software accompanying the development of the
mitoco socialware service. Investments and other assets grew by ¥106mn due mainly to a rise in guarantee deposits for new
facilities. Total liabilities increased by ¥515mn YoY in FY2/17 to ¥1,314mn,
as current liabilities declined by ¥4mn
and non-current liabilities grew by ¥519mn.
Interest-bearing debt increased by ¥523mn
YoY to ¥723mn, reflecting a large increase in
long-term debt, which more than offset a small decrease in short-term debt. Net
assets increased by ¥276mn to ¥1,238mn, due to the inclusion of FY2/17’s net income attributable to owners of parent to retained
earnings and to the sale by Serverworks of some of its shareholdings in
TerraSky Co. The Company issued ¥2mn of subscription rights to shares,
and non-controlling interests increased to ¥86mn accompanying M&A activity during FY2/17. The equity
ratio decreased by 8.8 percentage points in FY2/17 to 45.0%, but this was still
higher than the average equity ratio for listed Japanese companies, of 30.0%,
indicating financial strength.


The
balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of FY2/17 came to ¥813mn, which
was ¥121mn more than the balance at the end of FY2/16. Operating cash flow was
negative by ¥92mn as a result of several factors. Income before income taxes
was ¥216mn and depreciation reached ¥95mn, but notes and accounts receivable -
trade increased by ¥187mn, income taxes paid amounted to ¥141mn, and prepaid
expenses grew by ¥103mn. Investment cash flow was negative by ¥320mn, mainly
because ¥250mn for purchase of intangible assets accompanying investment in
software development. Financial cash flow was positive by ¥530mn as the Company
gained ¥800mn from proceeds from long-term loans payable,, more than offsetting
a ¥200mn decrease in short-term loans payable and ¥90mn repayments of long-term
loans payable.


2. Company forecast for FY2/18 
For FY2/18, the Company projects a 42.7% YoY rise in
consolidated net sales to ¥5,044mn, a 6.4% increase in operating
income to ¥215mn, a 16.8% upturn in ordinary
income to ¥253mn, and a 17.6% improvement in net
income attributable to owners of parent to ¥150mn. Management expects sales in the Solution Business to grow
44.7% YoY to ¥4,078mn and sales in the Product
Business to advance 35.3% to ¥966mn. Solution Business sales are seen
increasing by a smaller rate in FY2/18 than they did in FY2/17 because sales
were boosted in FY2/17 by the initial consolidation of three subsidiaries,
whereas the company does not plan any initial consolidations of subsidiaries
for FY2/18. The Company expects the mitoco socialware service launched in
FY2/17 to contribute substantially to sales growth in the Product Business in
FY2/18. Sales generated by consolidated subsidiaries in FY2/18 are projected to
more than double their sales in FY2/17, and these subsidiaries are expected to
contribute an aggregate ordinary income of several tens of million yen. The
Company intends to expand its workforce to 463 persons in FY2/18 from 319 in
FY2/17.


◆ Share supply-demand balance 
Individual
shareholders hold more than 60% of shares outstanding
At the end of February 2016,
financial institutions held 0.42% of all of TerraSky’s outstanding shares, operators of
financial instruments businesses held 6.51%, other Japanese companies held
21.21%, non-Japanese companies held 9.69%, and individuals and other
shareholders held 62.14%. At the end of August 2016, Company president Hideya
Sato was the top shareholder, with 45.46%. Business partner NTT Software was second,
with 12.53%, and equity-accounted affiliate Serverworks was third, with 8.48%. 
Although
the Company has outstanding rights for the subscription to new shares, FISCO
calculates that the maxi­mum possible dilution of EPS from the exercise of
these rights would be 5.0%.






 
報告內容僅供參考，不得作為任何投資引用之唯一依據，且其投資風險及決定應由投資人自行判斷並自負損益。







TOP




                【免責聲明】 本研究報告專區中的資訊均來自於各金融機構授權刊登或是已公開的資訊，鉅亨網對資訊的準確性、完整性和及時性不作任何保證，也不保證上述資訊報告做出的建議在未來不發生修正。在任何情況下，鉅亨網不對本資訊的使用人基於本資訊報告觀點進行的投資所引致的任何損益承擔任何責任。本網研究報告版權均歸各家提供機構所有，不得任意引用、刊發，且不得對原文進行修改或刪除。以上資訊僅供參考。
            









標　　題日　　期～作　　者提供機構=====請選擇=====鉅亨網投顧永豐期貨ADS Securities國票期貨元大期貨群益投信英皇金融福匯FXCM保德信投信FISCOIronFX野村投信Morning Star台証證券協和證券東霖投顧金鼎證券康和證券掄元投顧統一投顧統一證券荷銀投信富達投顧富蘭克林投顧新寶證券建華證券(亞洲)鼎康投顧德欣投顧德盛安聯投顧寶成投顧上海元富投顧寶來曼氏亞洲證券投顧大聯投顧大華銀投顧武陵客寶瓶文化商智文化商訊文化藍鯨出版寰宇出版社台壽保投信天下文化北星圖書先鋒投顧聯邦證券鑫報證券投顧天富投顧富林投顧大昌證券中信期貨中信投信上海有色網中信證券日盛金控日盛期貨玉山銀行永豐投顧台新投信永豐投信兆豐國際投信宏利投信東岳證券東亞證券柏瑞投顧IF期貨柏瑞投信亞東證券國泰證券富盛證券投顧第一金投信雪鑫外匯統一期貨敦沛金融第一金投顧國票綜合證券富邦證券華南永昌證券新光金控鉅亨網匯豐中華投信匯豐中華投顧愛匯群益期貨群益金鼎證券復華證券福邦證券嘉盛集團臺灣銀行遠東商銀台証投顧倍利投顧瀚亞投信寶來證券亞東投顧霸菱資產管理寰益投顧新光投信寶來證券(香港)群益香港華頓投信遠東大聯投信貝萊德國泰投顧ITIS智網法國巴黎銀行理柏Lipper景順投信富達投信摩根資產管理安聯投信富蘭克林華美投信德銀遠東投信日盛投信Emerging Capital香港康宏理財集團凱基投信施羅德富邦投信瑞銀投信大慶證券投顧元大投信寶來投信國泰投信ING投顧聯博投顧統一投信康和投顧興業證券第一亞洲商人金銀業中信建投證券鋒裕投顧顧德投顧復華投信先進全球投顧天達投顧玉山投顧台新投顧美股烏托邦嘉鼎資本管理法銀巴黎投顧香港永豐金融集團未來資產證券信託Saxo盛寶金融凱恩金融iFOREX國際金融暨財管研究所華冠投顧安本投顧啟富達國際合庫巴黎投信百達投顧瑞訊銀行Swissquote富邦期貨天時金融最近訪問研報

        研報點閱排行

今日
一週
一個月








                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

ActivTrades “風暴周” 市場或暫時平靜


                                2
                            



                                2.
                            

【週報】國際股債市回顧與建議


                                1
                            



                                3.
                            

晨星資金流向觀察 2017年04月


                                1
                            



                                4.
                            

鉅亨投資雷達》法德撐腰，是時候買進歐股了


                                1
                            



                                5.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                1
                            



                                6.
                            

【七月海外基金績效回顧與投資展望】葉倫鴿聲餘音繞樑，新興市場股債齊揚


                                1
                            



                                7.
                            

個股表現 策略聚焦主流、低基期股


                                1
                            



                                8.
                            

【週報】全球市場回顧與展望 2017/07/28


                                1
                            



                                9.
                            

宏觀經濟類：歐元歐債表現迥異 ECB究竟是鷹是鴿？


                                1
                            



                                10.
                            

【遠東銀】澳洲央行反澳幣走強，澳幣下挫！


                                1
                            













                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

坐擁收租優勢，REITs成為投資新寵！


                                1209
                            



                                2.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                1180
                            



                                3.
                            

【週報】全球市場回顧與展望 2017/07/28


                                1073
                            



                                4.
                            

《Q3展望》登高之路不平 靜待柳暗花明


                                1002
                            



                                5.
                            

富達: 潛藏實力 王牌債現  新興市場3R匯聚契機  企業債如虎添翼


                                910
                            



                                6.
                            

【半年報】2017年基金市場報告


                                496
                            



                                7.
                            

ActivTrades 黃金強勢上行 非美再測前高


                                389
                            



                                8.
                            

【週報】國際股債市回顧與建議


                                270
                            



                                9.
                            

新興市場債投資價值浮現 宜把握進場機會


                                242
                            



                                10.
                            

新興股債市錢景亮，外資連三周全面買超亞股


                                234
                            













                                No.
                            

                                文章標題
                            

                                點閱數
                            





                                1.
                            

富達: 潛藏實力 王牌債現  新興市場3R匯聚契機  企業債如虎添翼


                                4064
                            



                                2.
                            

坐擁收租優勢，REITs成為投資新寵！


                                3734
                            



                                3.
                            

升息不是結束 是起漲的開始


                                3084
                            



                                4.
                            

《Q3展望》登高之路不平 靜待柳暗花明


                                2428
                            



                                5.
                            

眾家指數一次滿足，重磅級ETF讓投資理財更到位


                                2114
                            



                                6.
                            

【景順投信】三大優勢 歐股急起直追


                                2057
                            



                                7.
                            

穩健投資當道 高股息低波動策略抬頭


                                1455
                            



                                8.
                            

鉅亨投資雷達》油價連八漲，俄股起舞


                                1379
                            



                                9.
                            

美股基金再遭資金淨流出，歐洲與新興市場股票持續吸金


                                1336
                            



                                10.
                            

新興市場債投資價值浮現 宜把握進場機會


                                1142
                            












雜誌文章點閱排行

遠雄再涉弊案 NP全停  建案廣告量仍逆勢上衝 
            ｜惟馨周報
供給續增　買賣價格認知落差　短期難脫盤整格局 
            ｜惟馨周報
「有疑慮，就殺出」，他用50萬滾出千萬財富 
            ｜今周刊
裁判、教練都是自己人！揭三大家族掌控體壇黑幕 
            ｜今周刊
暴力是會習慣的！九把刀新片直搗「鍵盤殺人」 
            ｜今周刊













本系統由聲達資訊傳輸鉅亨網設計，資料來源以 臺灣證券交易所、證券櫃檯買賣中心、臺灣期貨交易所公告為準。
Market Data Provided By  ，以上資訊僅供參考，資料延遲至少15分鐘。使用者應依相關主管機關所公佈之資訊使用規定使用，並自負投資盈虧之責，免責聲明。法律顧問：惠國法律事務所　黃泰源律師。

© Copyright 2000- cnYES.com All rights reserved.			線上客服｜簡訊｜聯絡客服


關於我們｜
會員中心｜
大事紀｜
法律聲明｜
聯絡我們｜
合作｜
網站導覽｜
FAQ｜
產品與服務｜
廣告｜
徵才



集團資源：鉅亨台北｜Blog｜手機版｜鉅亨網FB
















Junji Imaoka, Terrasky Co Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Junji Imaoka

Director,
Terrasky Co Ltd






Career History




Director
Terrasky Co Ltd, 1/2015-PRESENT


Director
Terrasky Co Ltd, 7/2006-1/2015


Product Manager
Terrasky Co Ltd, 4/2006-7/2006



Daiwabo Information System Co Ltd, 4/1991-4/2006


Show More









Website:
www.terrasky.co.jp






Corporate Information
Address:

1-3-13 Nihombashi
Chuo-Ku, 103-0027
Japan


Phone:
81-3-5255-3410


Fax:
81-3-5255-5130


Web url:
www.terrasky.co.jp











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Terrasky Co Ltd


Board Member, 7/2006-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































TerraSky Co Ltd (3915.T)  Quote| Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















TerraSky Co Ltd (3915.T)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        










				3915.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				7,390JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥40


					            (+0.54%)
					        






Prev Close

¥7,350


Open

¥7,280




Day's High

¥7,420


Day's Low

¥7,180




Volume

4,500


Avg. Vol

11,652




52-wk High

¥9,210


52-wk Low

¥4,050










3915.T








					About


		TerraSky Co., Ltd operates in two business segments. The Solution segment provides cloud integration, cloud consulting and cloud ERP services. The Product segment develops and provides cloud services, which include SkyVisual Editor, SkyOnDemand and others.





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for 3915.T.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
--


Market Cap(Mil.):
¥20,993.07


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
2.86


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
--








					Financials





 
3915.T
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				139.06

				21.09

				19.38


EPS (TTM):

				52.85

				--

				--


ROI:

				9.78

				16.48

				12.55


ROE:

				13.68

				18.64

				13.14












					Latest News about 3915.T



BRIEF-TerraSky says business and capital alliance with iGUAZU
* Says it forms a business and capital alliance with iGUAZU
Corporation

May 09 2017

» More 3915.T News











 Earnings vs.  Estimates





















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting





















TerraSky Co Ltd (3915.T)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















TerraSky Co Ltd (3915.T)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				3915.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				7,390JPY
2:00am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥40


					            (+0.54%)
					        






Prev Close

¥7,350


Open

¥7,280




Day's High

¥7,420


Day's Low

¥7,180




Volume

4,500


Avg. Vol

11,733




52-wk High

¥9,210


52-wk Low

¥4,050











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Hideya Sato

51
2015

                                President, President & Chief Executive Officer of Subsidiaries, Representative Director




							Hiroyuki Matsuoka

47
2015

                                Executive Officer, Director of Product Sales, Director




							Tatsuo Utena

50
2015

                                Executive Officer, Chief Senior Director of Sales, Director of Solution Sales, Director




							Junji Imaoka

42
2015

                                Executive Officer, Chief Director of Solution, Director




							Satoshi Takesawa

43
2015

                                Executive Officer, Director of Product Development, Director




							Masanori Ogura




                                Executive Officer, Director of Administration




							Yasuhiro Takai




                                Executive Officer, Director of Business Planning, Manager of Internal Auditing Office




							Naoki Uno

63
2017

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Hideya Sato


					
							Mr. Hideya Sato has been serving as President and Representative Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd., as well as Chief Executive Officer of a subsidiary, TerraSky Inc., and President and Representative Director of another subsidiary, since May 2015. He is also serving as Independent Director in an associated company, Serverworks Co., Ltd. He used to work for IBM Japan, Ltd., salesforce.com, Inc. and The HEAD, Inc.




							Hiroyuki Matsuoka


					
							Mr. Hiroyuki Matsuoka has been serving as Executive Officer, Director of Product Sales and Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He joined the Company in April 2008 and previously served as Director of Sales in the Company. He used to work for SANYO TRADING CO., LTD. and salesforce.com, Inc.




							Tatsuo Utena


					
							Mr. Tatsuo Utena has been serving as Executive Officer, Chief Senior Director of Sales, Director of Solution Sales and Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He joined the Company in April 2006 and previously served as Director of Sales in the Company. He used to work for IBM Japan.




							Junji Imaoka


					
							Mr. Junji Imaoka has been serving as Executive Officer, Chief Director of Solution and Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He joined the Company in April 2006 and previously served as Director of Solution in the Company. He used to work for Daiwabo Information System Co., Ltd.




							Satoshi Takesawa


					
							Mr. Satoshi Takesawa has been serving as Executive Officer, Director of Product Development and Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He joined the Company in April 2007. He used to work for The HEAD, Inc. and TWO TOP INC.




							Masanori Ogura







							Yasuhiro Takai







							Naoki Uno


					
							Mr. Naoki Uno was named Independent Director in TerraSky Co., Ltd. effective May 26, 2017. He is also serving as President and Representative Director in Tokio Marine & Nichido Systems Co., Ltd. He used to work for Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Hideya Sato

--




							Hiroyuki Matsuoka

--




							Tatsuo Utena

--




							Junji Imaoka

--




							Satoshi Takesawa

--




							Masanori Ogura

--




							Yasuhiro Takai

--




							Naoki Uno

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Hideya Sato

0
0




							Hiroyuki Matsuoka

0
0




							Tatsuo Utena

0
0




							Junji Imaoka

0
0




							Satoshi Takesawa

0
0




							Masanori Ogura

0
0




							Yasuhiro Takai

0
0




							Naoki Uno

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting


























 Custom Salesforce Pages In Minutes | Click More. Code Less. 






































































    











No menu assigned!



  




















SkyVisualEditorVersion 5 Is Here! Download it from the AppExchange today.
Free Trial

Learn More

    

SuPICE v1.5 Has Arrived!
Learn More

Pricing

    

SkyOnDemandDrag & drop point & click web application that allows users to build connectivity between their cloud and on-premise systems
Learn More

Pricing

      1    
  1        

  





The worlds first WYSIWYG Visualforce page editor. Use various layouts and templates along with 30+ components to create the perfect pages that your users are asking for. Don’t settle for the standard Salesforce layouts when you can create custom Salesforce pages to suit your business needs.
Learn More 









This SaaS based integration platform provides a drag and drop point and click interface that allows users to build connectivity interfaces between Salesforce and a variety of complex data sources with ease and efficiency.
Learn More 





  





The world’s first AppExchange App that creates Lightning Components without coding. Create custom Lightning Components with a drag-and-drop studio that can be placed into pages by using the Lightning AppBuilder. Not a developer? No problem. Our drag-and-drop studio is designed so that anyone with a desire to use Lightning can create custom components without having to be an advanced developer who is familiar with Aura.
Learn More 





  




Have questions? We’ve got answers!
Contact Us 





  




News 





 August 3, 2016 in News 
Blog: Visualforce Deployment Strategy

						In this blog post, we address a simple method of creating a deployment strategy for your Visualforce pages. We find that many companies do not utilize a deployment strategy for...						Read More 




 July 13, 2016 in News 
Blog: Upcoming Lightning Experience Navigation Changes

						Salesforce's Lightning Experience has had some stumbling blocks when it comes to adoption due to some of the limitations it presents. Fairly recently Salesforce announced some changes that are coming...						Read More 




 April 18, 2016 in News 
Blog: Automatically Generate Apex Test Class For SuPICE

						When creating Apex Test Classes you want to write code that covers as many possible angles to get the best coverage. In this blog we set out to show you...						Read More 








Events 





 June 9, 2016 in Events 
June Webinar – 2016

						Salesforce Classic and Lightning look and feel very different from each other and this has caused some companies to be very hesitant to make the plunge into Lightning. In addition,...						Read More 




 March 10, 2016 in Events 
March Webinar – 2016

						This webinar we will discuss Lightning Experience and how to customize it using SuPICE. We will be doing a live demo of SuPICE and showing how to create your own...						Read More 




 January 8, 2016 in Events 
January Webinar – 2016

						This webinar will cover how to use SkyVisualEditor and the basics of the commonly used components. In addition to the live demo we will also discuss our upcoming plans for Lightning...						Read More 














 Recent Posts 

Let’s Make An AppComponent – Report Chart
March 20, 2017


Visualforce CSS Overhaul – DataTables
March 20, 2017


Visualforce Development Strategy
March 20, 2017


Post Archives Post Archives

Select Month
 March 2017 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 

 


Site Map 
Company Overview
Products

SkyOnDemand
SkyVisualEditor
SuPICE
Mitoco


Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Blog









© 2017 Terrasky. All Rights Reserved, TerraSky Inc. 



        










Home
Products

SkyVisualEditor

Product Features
Resources
Pricing


SuPICE
Mitoco

Mitoco Pricing Request


SkyOnDemand

Product Features
Pricing




Contact Us
Company Overview
Blog




 































TerraSky Co Ltd, 3915:TYO profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


TerraSky Co Ltd3915:TYOSelect symbolJapan3915:TYOTokyo Stock ExchangeUnited StatesTRRKF:PNKGrey MarketTerraSky Co LtdActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertTechnologySoftware & Computer ServicesPrice (JPY)7,390.00Today's Change40.00 / 0.54%Shares traded4.50k1 Year change45.19%Beta--Data delayed at least 20 minutes, as of Aug 03 2017 07:00 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyTerraSky Co., Ltd operates in two business segments. The Solution segment provides cloud integration, cloud consulting and cloud ERP services. The Product segment develops and provides cloud services, which include SkyVisual Editor, SkyOnDemand and others. Revenue in JPY (TTM)3.92bnNet income in JPY146.72mIncorporated2006Employees297.00LocationTerraSky Co Ltd7F, Yaesu Center Bldg., 1-6-6, YaesuCHUO-KU 103-0027JapanJPNPhone+81  352553410Fax+81  352555130Websitehttp://www.terrasky.co.jp/More ▼Peer analysisKey InformationKey InformationStock PerformancePer Share DataEfficiencyManagement EffectivenessProfitabilityFinancial StrengthGrowth RatesCompanyRevenue (TTM)Net income (TTM)Market capEmployeesPrice/earnings (TTM)Price/book value (MRQ)Price/cash flow (TTM)Price/sales (TTM)EPS (excl. extraordinary items, TTM)EPS (incl. extraordinary items, TTM)Revenue per share (TTM)Book value per share (MRQ)Asset turnover (TTM)Inventory turnover (TTM)Receivables turnover (TTM)Revenues per employee (TTM)Return on avg assets (TTM)Return on avg assets (5 yr avg)Return on investment (TTM)Return on investment (5 yr avg)Gross margin (TTM)Gross margin(5 yr avg)Net profit margin (TTM)Net Profit margin(5 yr avg)Quick ratio (MRQ)Interest coverage (TTM)Total debt to capital (MRQ)Payout ratio(5 yr avg)Revenue(YOY change %)Revenue(5 yr growth rate)Net income(YOY change %)Net income(5 yr growth rate)Capital expenditure(5 yr growth rate)Dividend(5 yr growth rate)JBCC Holdings Inc.82.87bn1.35bn16.21bn2.12k11.381.1010.780.195680.1480.144,921.10830.192.3920.796.3739,164,930.003.961.716.603.3822.0819.911.660.79721.90--0.046668.02-3.32-1.30191.0660.2713.401.55CAICA Inc4.80bn318.85m16.42bn411.0045.6613.4647.573.421.121.1216.823.791.79137.6734.3011,673,380.0011.89--31.53--15.56--6.65--1.464.790.393--------------Synchro Food Co Ltd1.05bn264.53m16.56bn48.0058.509.2561.6115.7432.4832.48128.63205.49------21,922,150.00--------91.04--25.14------0.00--23.93--26.09------Asahi Net Inc8.80bn950.57m16.96bn126.0016.521.6413.411.9332.0932.09297.02323.230.835334.735.7169,840,920.009.028.0110.038.9634.9241.7110.8010.576.43--0.0063.588.764.787.85-1.2341.593.71Livesense Inc5.48bn-8.54m17.58bn282.00--5.54194.563.21-0.3843-0.3843193.46112.851.4236.388.8019,421,500.00-0.336313.09-0.409215.9690.5991.29-0.23779.444.7364.540.000.005.8636.45161.53-36.4521.07--Mamezou Holdings Co Ltd22.09bn1.38bn19.55bn2.06k13.902.7011.650.885272.0472.041,163.14370.371.7475.466.2610,745,140.0010.989.0319.8717.0427.2127.756.305.502.10490.530.258816.84-2.7528.3949.0426.6217.5729.20Shift Inc7.16bn141.79m20.00bn483.00151.3011.2155.752.799.129.12460.24123.071.72145.487.1014,818,220.004.98--7.15--27.71--2.89--2.2967.820.5117--67.60--57.57------Brangista inc2.98bn297.03m20.74bn203.0074.126.5275.016.9519.6019.60196.80222.860.9065--2.2014,689,640.007.26--8.16--64.70--8.01--8.38--0.00--27.09--94.59------DesignOne Japan Inc1.96bn334.78m20.74bn68.0062.309.1859.0410.5922.0922.09129.18149.880.833--18.5628,801,240.0014.24--15.91--90.83--17.09------0.00--62.09--48.86------TerraSky Co Ltd3.92bn146.72m20.99bn297.00139.0617.2876.815.3652.8552.851,353.79425.321.6354.467.1613,183,690.006.27--9.78--36.08--3.84--2.17236.800.4291--42.54---14.67------CAC Holdings Corp53.08bn2.61bn22.79bn5.71k7.830.70795.860.4294135.16135.162,791.751,494.641.0526.995.049,293,994.005.703.147.984.1419.8720.035.402.871.87--0.171647.450.79846.201,535.92120.6348.170.00Adventure Inc4.62bn201.00m23.13bn22.00115.2314.9190.485.0188.6188.612,039.30684.721.660.80395.83209,873,300.007.22--13.33--54.36--4.35--1.4383.700.1313--77.68--32.52------Mynet Inc8.34bn936.38m23.95bn410.0023.483.4712.382.87125.79125.791,099.57850.181.33--8.3820,347,740.0014.90--19.45--40.87--11.22----22.580.216--129.46--824.89------Nexyz.Group Corp15.07bn1.70bn24.06bn637.0013.744.5311.631.60130.59130.591,163.58396.461.2342.023.8923,661,270.0015.7510.6830.6826.7544.3941.7712.7910.342.39--0.299410.7632.0713.6444.40100.53-9.85--VOYAGE GROUP Inc25.33bn771.91m24.55bn291.0032.533.1119.440.969362.0362.032,084.49649.431.7940.408.9787,034,860.005.448.219.7216.8431.0536.423.044.981.338.990.11589.6717.5553.31-55.5732.54----I-mobile Co Ltd15.01bn1.57bn25.59bn178.0016.252.3514.871.7171.0871.08676.00492.531.42--8.0484,302,320.0015.12--20.77--31.58--10.67------0.00---2.08---21.96------Data as of Aug 03 2017. Currency figures normalised to TerraSky Co Ltd's reporting currency: Japanese Yen JPYInstitutional shareholdersTop holdersMovers0.00%Per cent of shares held by top holdersHolderShares% HeldAsset Management One Co., Ltd.as of 26 Sep 20160.000.00%Click or tap a row for detailsHolderShares boughtShares heldAsset Management One Co., Ltd.0.00 / -100.00%0.00HolderShares soldShares heldAsset Management One Co., Ltd.-3.40k / -100.00%0.00Data from 31 Mar 2017 - 31 Mar 2017Source: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
Income statement (JPY)Year on year TerraSky Co Ltd had net income fall -14.67% from 150.22m to 128.18m despite a 42.54% increase in revenues from 2.48bn to 3.53bn. An increase in the cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales from 57.06% to 62.57% was a component in the falling net income despite rising revenues.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 






 Company Overview - Terrasky 
































































    











No menu assigned!



  




  




Company
Overview





  





TerraSky, Inc.
1250 Borregas Ave. #22
Sunnyvale, CA
94089
www.terrasky.com









TerraSky Co., Ltd.
Tokyo Tatemono Nihobashi BLDG. 7th Floor
1-3-13 Nihonbashi, Chuo-Ku, Tokyo
103-0027
www.terrasky.co.jp/





  



Our Vision


At TerraSky, we see the driver of cloud computing shifting from monolithic corporate IT departments to the end user. We will continue to innovate simple tools that empower the end users to have the agility to respond to today’s rapidly evolving business needs.





  



Message from the CEO
  




Recent evolutions in IT have dramatically changed the way enterprise systems are built and used. Customers can no longer rely on a single package or even vendor to solve all of their IT needs. As such, many customers are using best-in-class applications from several independent vendors.
A side effect of using many different vendors and applications is that gaps emerge between these packages. Companies have often spent tons of time and money to fill in these holes to try to efficiently make use of their IT investments.
We at TerraSky have made it a pillar of our business to offer a better way to connect modularized packages and independent applications – a way that is in itself a modularized SaaS offering. Our business is in offering a quick and economical service to allow our customers to make use of today’s best in breed cloud applications without having to worry about how to get them to work together.













  



Our History


TerraSky Founder & CEO, Hideya Sato has dedicated his career to bridging the gap between US and Japan IT. After a 14 year career at IBM Japan, Hideya joined salesforce.com Japan in its formation stages and led the sales team through the US IPO of salesforce.com. From this point on, Hideya became convinced of the forthcoming cloud revolution and formed TerraSky in 2006.
Originally focused on helping Japanese enterprises implement and realize the benefits of salesforce.com and cloud computing, TerraSky has since successfully implemented thousands of complex enterprise salesforce.com projects and has become Japan’s Best Public Cloud Implementation Company and is officially recognized by salesforce.com as their Best AppExchange Application Partner for Japan.














 Recent Posts 

Let’s Make An AppComponent – Report Chart
March 20, 2017


Visualforce CSS Overhaul – DataTables
March 20, 2017


Visualforce Development Strategy
March 20, 2017


Post Archives Post Archives

Select Month
 March 2017 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 

 


Site Map 
Company Overview
Products

SkyOnDemand
SkyVisualEditor
SuPICE
Mitoco


Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Blog









© 2017 Terrasky. All Rights Reserved, TerraSky Inc. 



        










Home
Products

SkyVisualEditor

Product Features
Resources
Pricing


SuPICE
Mitoco

Mitoco Pricing Request


SkyOnDemand

Product Features
Pricing




Contact Us
Company Overview
Blog




 






















