


UIS 漢唐集成股份有限公司










		  
		漢唐集成股份有限公司  
		

    United Integrated Services                                                   



		回首頁



		         Taiwan: +886-2-29174060       China: 
		+86-21-61050650     Singapore: +65-67856601 



　
　


　






簡介下載
Download UIS Brief

漢唐光電
Electro Optical Dept

漢唐監控WSS Dept

廠商專區Supply Area

投資人專區investor Area


利害關係人專區stakeholder Area











        公司簡介 About 
		UIS
             
		
　


		United Integrated Services Co., Ltd is a multidisciplinary engineering 
		and construction company that is capable of overall systems 
		coordination. We provide fully integrated design/build services to our 
		clients in the high technology industry for their manufacturing facility 
		needs. 


		漢唐集成是一個以「全面性整合服務」方式提供工程建設的公司。我們專業提供高科技產業建廠之系統集成設計與建造的需求。



		Our scope of services include engineering consulting, high-tech factory 
		planning and delivery in which clean-room systems, HVAC, electrical 
		systems, instrumentation and control, process utilities 
		telecommunication systems and tool hook-up are all vital parts in need 
		of total coordination needs of total coordination. .


		我們的服務包括工程顧問，高科技廠房無塵室的設計與施工、空調系統、電力系統、中央監控系統、二次配工程等等所有相關工程的整合服務。



		Our value added integrated turn-key services not only provide continuity 
		from planning, design, procurement, construction, tool hook-up and 
		start-up/commissioning but also go beyond after service by assisting our 
		clients in facility operation and maintenance.


		我們所提供的統包服務不僅從規劃、設計、採購、工程施工、機台二次配還有運轉與調適與維護的相關售後服務來協助我們的客戶。



		In short, we strive to be a one-stop shop to satisfy our clients’ every 
		facility needs.


		總而言之，我們努力成為一個一站式的公司來滿足我們的客戶所有的建廠需求。

　









				Company Name 



				United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.(漢唐集成股份有限公司)
				





				Founded 



				September 
				20, 1982






				Headquarter 



				5F, No 3, Lane 7, Paokao Road, 
				Hsintien District, 


				New Taipei city, Taiwan


				台灣新北市新店區寶高路7巷3號5樓






				Capital 



				2,382,333,730 NTD 





				Employees 



				620 

				 Employees as of May, 2012






				Business 
				Activities



•工程顧問服務(Engineering 
					Construction) 

•系統整合統包(Engineering 
					System Integration) 

•工程管理服務(Construction 
					Management) 

•二次配管路工程(Hook-up 
					Design & Construction Service) 









		　





	  	  Company Profile                                                             
		  







	UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD. - asmag.com provide UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD. information

































News
Vertical Solutions
Integrated systems
asmag Reports
Suppliers
Products
Security 50








UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.








Home
Products
Press Releases
Company Info
Downloads





Register
Login


























Product Ranges
 Intrusion Detection, Intercoms, Transmission, Home Automation, Security Services, Personal Safety



Contact Us


UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.
Country: Taiwan
City: TAIPEI
Address: 5TH FL,.NO.3 LANE 7,PAOKAO RD,. HSINTIEN TAIPEI HSIEN,TAIWAN,R.O.C.
Contact Person: Julia Kuo 













Home > Company Info

Company Introduction


“UIS was founded at 1982, and very experienced on Hi-Tech factory construction while providing total system integration service in Greater China. Headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan. UIS is now a public company with over 600 staffs employed in the worldwide. 

UIS Wireless Security System(WSS) department is one of divisions in UIS group which is very focusing on home wireless security/automation solutions. By supporting couple of patent pending wireless technologies, WSS is changing the home security world and providing an one-stop shop surveillance system to enable a fully wireless security home network. 

We're providing a turnkey system with broad range of wireless products including-but not limited to-Gateway, Sensor, Controller, Touch Terminal and IP Cam. Our products are fully complied with RoHS standard, and also FCC/CE certified. “






Basic Profile


Country:
Taiwan


City:
TAIPEI


Address:
5TH FL,.NO.3 LANE 7,PAOKAO RD,. HSINTIEN TAIPEI HSIEN,TAIWAN,R.O.C.


Business Nature:
Manufacturer


Contact Person:
Julia Kuo




Corporation Brief



Established Year:1982
OEM/ODM experience:yes
Countries of Export:East Asia; Singapore; Malaysia; Germany; West Europe; Northern Europe; France; United Kingdom; United States; China; Japan; Latin(southern) America; Canada; Australia



Product Range


Intrusion Detection, Intercoms, Transmission, Home Automation, Security Services, Personal Safety














UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.


Company Info
Products
Press Release
Downloads

Supplier Management Center


          	Links associated with the pages:
            Company Website




Copyright ©2017 asmag.com. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Magazine
Company Info
Contact Us
Site Map


















        United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.














weiku.comJoin Free  |
 My Weiku

 
 
















  
 United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. Laser Therapy System   Laser Acupuncture Therapy System  Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System  Digital Infrared thermal image system   Store HomeProductsAbout UsContact






Enterprise Certification Product Certification& Enterprise Certification
More Detail


United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.

Credibility: 


Country:
                    Taiwan
                

Established Time:2010
                

Business License:Did not upload
Total Stuff:Above 1000 People

Business type:Manufacturer
Certification:


Contact:Contact Now




Refine Search






Products
 $1,000 A DAY TRADING MODEL Multi Channel Laser Acupuncture System LA 400 Digital Infrared Thermal Image System / Spectrum 9000MB- 500 UIS Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System UIS Multi- Channel Laser Therapy System LA-1200 UIS Multi- Channel Laser Acupuncture Therapy System LA-400 More


Contact us

Contact Person:Ms.Jea
Tel:886-2-29170366
Fax:886-2-29174573
Street:Taipei






 About us Welcome To Our Site!United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. was established in 1982. 

We are a multidisciplinary engineering and construction company and are capable of taking overall system coordination. We provide fully integrated design and building services for our clients in the high technology industry for their manufacturing facility needs. 

The E-O Department of United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. (UIS) was originally merged from Telesis Technologies Co. in July 2003. The vice president of UIS, Dr. O Ch...Click for details>>

Product Showcase





View all products from this supplierFeatured Products









 $1,000 A DAY TRADING MODEL









 UIS Multi- Channel Laser Acupuncture Therapy System LA-400









 UIS Multi- Channel Laser Therapy System LA-1200









 UIS Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System









 Digital Infrared Thermal Image System / Spectrum 9000MB- 500









 Multi Channel Laser Acupuncture System LA 400






                    Send a message direct to supplier(s)

To:
                        Ms.Jea

                            United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.



*Message:


Enter your Message here
-Enter between 20 to 2000 characters. English only.Word count:0
                            character(s). 

                            Enter your inquiry details such as:
Self-introductionRequired specificationsInquire about price/MOQ


 








Recommended For Youhigh quality products
















 “My Showroom”sevice is provided by weiku.com




Manufacturers - Sell - Last Products- Chemicals - Quality Products - Suppliers - Site Map

©2011 Weiku.com,License: 浙ICP备08004510号





 or select more products











	UIS NGW-240 Wireless Gateway - UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.










































News
Vertical Solutions
Integrated systems
asmag Reports
Suppliers
Products
Security 50








UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.








Home
Products
Press Releases
Company Info
Downloads





Register
Login


























Product Ranges
 Intrusion Detection, Intercoms, Transmission, Home Automation, Security Services, Personal Safety



Contact Us


UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.
Country: Taiwan
City: TAIPEI
Address: 5TH FL,.NO.3 LANE 7,PAOKAO RD,. HSINTIEN TAIPEI HSIEN,TAIWAN,R.O.C.
Contact Person: Julia Kuo 













Home > Products


UIS NGW-240 Wireless Gateway


Product Category:Home Automation > Residential Security > Residential Security
Supplier: UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.
Region: Taiwan
Updated: 2014/08/20





Key Specifications
NGW-240 is the key device and coordinator within the whole wireless system, and its main function is to communicate with all devices via Ethernet, Wi-Fi and ZigBee Pro etc. interfaces. The max. connectivity is over 100 (including 16 routers) ZigBee Pro devices by one gateway and one router can connect up to 16 ZigBee Pro devices. Moreover, NGW-240 can connect with any ZigBee Pro device directly without any router in between, it is very easy and suitable for you to deploy in house.

NGW-240 is also a simply Wi-Fi AP device, user can access the Internet thru it at home as required. Meanwhile, it can connect with IP camera via Ethernet or Wi-Fi interface to support live view video and also event-trigger recording/playback. You may choose different type of storage devices like SD or microSD to save those recorded video files.

NGW-240 supports a few ways of event notification by E-mail and APP push, and besides, it can connect to the outside security center by API、Syslog and SIA(over IP) integrations.

NGW-240 also supports some LED indicators in the front cover that allows you to easy identify the system status and because of its compact size design, you can put it in your living room, bedroom or other right place that you prefer. NGW-240 is a competitive-edge and feature-rich product by delivering Security、Automation and Surveillance etc. home applications, and user can configure or operate the whole wireless system thru web-UI 、 keypad 、 key-fob and APP (iOS/Android) simultaneously.

Function Specification:
- Wi-Fi(IEEE802.11b/g/n) RF interface
- ZigBee Pro(2.4GHz) RF interface
- DHCP(client/server) & PPPoE(client) features
- Real-time event notified by internal/APP/Email/SYSLOG/SIA(over IP)
- LED indicator





























Other Products

























































1 of 3
















UNITED INTEGRATED SERVICES CO., LTD.


Company Info
Products
Press Release
Downloads

Supplier Management Center


          	Links associated with the pages:
            Company Website




Copyright ©2017 asmag.com. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Magazine
Company Info
Contact Us
Site Map


















Product list
        United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.













weiku.comJoin Free  |
 My Weiku

 
 


  
 United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.Laser Therapy System,Laser Acupuncture Therapy System,Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System,Digital Infrared thermal image system  
Store HomeProductsAbout UsContact





Enterprise Certification Product Certification& Enterprise Certification
More Detail


United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.

Credibility: 


Country:
                    Taiwan
                

Established Time:2010
                

Business License:Did not upload
Total Stuff:Above 1000 People

Business type:Manufacturer
Certification:


Contact:Contact Now




Refine Search






Products $1,000 A DAY TRADING MODEL Multi Channel Laser Acupuncture System LA 400 Digital Infrared Thermal Image System / Spectrum 9000MB- 500 UIS Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System UIS Multi- Channel Laser Therapy System LA-1200 UIS Multi- Channel Laser Acupuncture Therapy System LA-400 More


Contact us

Contact Person:Ms.Jea
Tel:886-2-29170366
Fax:886-2-29174573
Street:Taipei






View all products from this supplierProducts










$1,000 A DAY TRADING MODEL

                                 Crude Oil:Scalp-TradePlace of Origin:Canada

 investment














Multi Channel Laser Acupuncture System LA 400

                                 Place of Origin:Taiwanlaser equipment:semiconductor laserPort:FOB TaiwanModel Number:LA 400

 laser, laser equipment, laser beauty equipment














Digital Infrared Thermal Image System / Spectrum 9000MB- 500

                                 Port:TaiwanBrand Name:UISModel Number:SP 9000MB-500Place of Origin:Taiwan

Digital Infrared,Digital Infrared Thermal Image System,digital Infrared Thermal














UIS Infrared Detection Temperature Measurement System

                                 Port:TaiwanBlack\\\/Gray:dark blue /GrayBrand Name:UISModel Number:P-32

Infrared Detection,Infrared Detection Measurement System,Infrared Detection System














UIS Multi- Channel Laser Therapy System LA-1200

                                 Port:TaiwanWhite\\\/Gray:White/GrayBrand Name:UISModel Number:LA-1200

 Laser Therapy,laser acupuncture therspy,laser therspy treatmen














UIS Multi- Channel Laser Acupuncture Therapy System LA-400

                                 Port:TaiwanWhite\\\/Gray:White/GrayBrand Name:UISModel Number:LA-400

Laser acupuncture,laser acupuncture therapy,laser acupuncture system treatment








Send a message direct to supplier(s)

To:
                        Ms.Jea

                            United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.



*Message:


Enter your Message here
-Enter between 20 to 2000 characters. English only.Word count:0
                            character(s). 

                            Enter your inquiry details such as:
Self-introductionRequired specificationsInquire about price/MOQ


 









 “My Showroom”sevice is provided by weiku.com




Manufacturers - Sell - Last Products- Chemicals - Quality Products - Suppliers - Site Map

©2011 Weiku.com,License: 浙ICP备08004510号





 or select more products

















United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.







United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.Street Address: 5F., No.3, Ln. 7, Baogao Rd.,Xindian Dist.,New Taipei CityTaiwan23144Web Site Address: http://www.uisco.com.tw
Company Description: UIS is the major MEP and Cleanroom contractor for Taiwan's and China's semiconductor and FPD industry - Seruice spans the engineering consulting , construction and operation. UIS continues involving in the next-generation high-tech facility design and construction.
Company ID: 257541Join Date: Dec 1, 2013 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: SemiconductorPrimary Product Category: ServicesPrimary Product Sub Category: Consulting    




 



 
 







 








 

 
















Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:33 PM ET
Construction and Engineering

Company Overview of United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., an engineering and construction company, provides integrated design/build services to its clients in the high technology industry for their manufacturing facility needs in Taiwan. It offers value added integrated turn-key services, including planning, design, procurement, construction, tool hook-up, and start-up/commissioning, as well as assisting its clients in facility operation and maintenance. The company also provides engineering system integration, construction management, and hook-up design and construction services. United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in New Taipei City, Taiwan.


No. 3, Paokao RoadLane 75th FloorHsintien DistrictNew Taipei City,  TaiwanFounded in 1982



www.uisco.com.tw







Key Executives for United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.


United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. Key Developments

United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 22, 2017
Apr 25 17
United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 22, 2017.


United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 14, 2016
Mar 29 16
United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 14, 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Advance Engineering (BVI) CO., LTD. Asia Anjia International Enterprise Co., Ltd. Asia Chi Mei Construction Co., Ltd. Asia Chonlin Environmental Corporation Ltd. Asia Chung Yo Department Store Co Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact United Integrated Services Co., Ltd., please visit www.uisco.com.tw.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























  2404:Taiwan Stock Quote - United Integrated Services Co Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  United Integrated Services Co Ltd   2404:TT   Taiwan        57.40TWD   0.40   0.70%     As of 2:37 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   57.00    Day Range   56.90 - 57.40    Volume   779,817    Previous Close   57.00    52Wk Range   45.10 - 72.70    1 Yr Return   29.45%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   57.00    Day Range   56.90 - 57.40    Volume   779,817    Previous Close   57.00    52Wk Range   45.10 - 72.70    1 Yr Return   29.45%    YTD Return   16.43%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   9.68    Earnings per Share (TWD) (TTM)   5.93    Market Cap (b TWD)   13.675    Shares Outstanding  (m)   238.233    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.93    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   10.45%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.03%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   United Integrated Services Co., Ltd. provides electric system integration engineering services.  The Company's services include computer, telecommunication and control system, as well as traditional electric and air conditioning engineering integration services.  United Integrated also manufactures and markets uninterrupted power supply (UPS) equipment.    Address  6/F, 297 Roosevelt RoadSection 6TaipeiTaiwan   Phone  886-2-8663-6103   Website   www.uisco.com.tw     Executives Board Members    Chen Chao-Shui "C S"  Chairman/CEO    Chen Po-Chen "Benny"  President    Chen Shao-Ming  Chief Purchase Officer    Li Jo-Se  Chief Technology Officer    Tseng Hsiang-Ching  Chief Engineer Officer/VP     Show More          








汉唐集成 (United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.) 公司概况 | EMIS










 


















关闭



菜单







查询




$0.00 (0)
篮子



篮子


 

 




 
 



总计


USD
$0.00


 

查看篮子
现在结帐
 

 






行业报告
公司报告
并购报告



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















首页  公司报告搜索  汉唐集成 (United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.)     







 


 台湾                
汉唐集成 (United Integrated Services Co., Ltd.)
一个EMIS公司报告
EMIS是欧洲货币机构投资公司
USD 29.95

行业: 建筑，工程及相关服务
可有的: 英语 & 中文
格式: PDF下载
最近财务数据：1％

购买完整报告
 
 
 
 




包括什么?
本报告从EMIS的公司信息数据库中提取有关公司的所有可用信息。右侧的目录表示购买时将包含在报告中的信息类别。
下载示例的报告






 


公司便利贴                    
                        (锁定的内容将在购买的报告中提供)
                    


联系信息                    





总部
                                新北市新店区宝高路7 巷3 号5 楼                                
                                新北市;                                新北市;                                                                


电话: 886-2-2917
传真: 886-2-2910




网站:
http://www.uisco.com.tw 



 

公司简介                    




                        本公司创立于1982年9月13日，创立时公司名称为汉唐科技工程有限公司，创立时资本额为新台币510万元，从事输配电、电机、电器、电脑及通信设备之施工安装。基于精益求精追求尽善尽美的经营理念，在短短数年内已成为当时国内第一名的电脑机房工程专业厂商，不论在业绩上及专业技术上都有显著的成果，业务范围也逐渐扩大到大型的水电空调及建厂工程上，也在这些大型的个案上建立了负责任、服务到底及专业品质的良好形象，业务不断扩充，至1990年3月更名为汉唐讯联股份有限公司，并于同年11月完成与讯联系统股份有限公司之合并程序，成为国内唯一在大型机电、无尘室、电脑、通信、控制系统整合的现代化综合性科技系统整合公司，凭藉著崇本务实的经营团队，完善的组织规划及充沛的专业人才配置，使本公司之业务日益开展，在国内半导体建厂之全厂整合，及国内的电脑通信及控制系统整合工程上，目前已成为首屈一指的专业公司。本公司系依技术与专业为基础来发展的，标榜的是第一流的技术与服务到底的精神，十馀年来已奠定了良好的经营基础，员工人数目前已达将近五百人，大部份系各相关领域的专业技术人才。2002年5月更名为汉唐集成股份有限公司，资本额目前为新台币壹拾柒亿玖仟贰佰壹拾伍万捌仟元，年营业额也超过新台币七十亿元，并维持稳定的获利能力，目前公司正稳健的朝向更远大的营运目标发展中。                    


NAICS行业分类                    


基本信息                    


主要管理人员                    


所有权明细                    


主要财务重点                    


财务业绩图表                    


主要竞争者                    

 

财务报表

年度报表                    


财务比率                    

 

EMIS信贷分析

EMIS Benchmark分数                    

 







 
 





这个报告允许你做的
EMIS公司报告提供您需要的数据，以准确评估您感兴趣的企业。




确定销售机会

公司是否符合您的目标人口？
主要的高管是谁？




进行风险评估

该公司是否信誉良好的？
它是财政稳定吗？




开展战略研究

该公司是潜在的业务合作伙伴/投资机会吗？
财务业绩是什么？


 
 
 
 


你是在良好的公司
EMIS公司的报告是世界上最伟大的公司，金融机构，专业服务公司和大学被广泛使用，在新兴市场为评估业务。 







800,000+
公司简介
我们有125个国家的公共和私人公司的信息。


2,000+
客户
EMIS是新兴市场公司的信息来源，为了世界上最负盛名的企业。

 
 
 
 

 









企业访问
如果您需要定期访问公司信息，您应该考虑订阅完整的EMIS服务。
EMIS公司简介是一个更大的信息服务的一部分，它将公司，行业和国家数据和分析结合在超过125个新兴市场的一个独特的信息平台上。
请求演示




 


％1与我们联系％2，以了解有关我们的业务解决方案的更多信息。
 
 





关注我们

B



 
 



注册我们的通讯
把新兴市场的最新见解直接收到您邮箱里，确保您不是最后知道的人


登记

 
 


 
 
 















 

