
VLC Holdings Co Ltd stock quote, VLC Holdings Co Ltd  company overview | Reuters  India





























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















VLC Holdings Co Ltd (2467.NG)










Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				2467.NG on Nagoya Stock Exchange


				138JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥0


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

¥138


Open

¥136




Day's High

¥139


Day's Low

¥136




Volume

14,400


Avg. Vol

11,144




52-wk High

¥153


52-wk Low

¥118










2467.NG








					About


		VLC HOLDINGS CO., LTD. is primarily engaged in providing consulting and solution service for security and building of systems and databases. The Consulting segment provides consulting service for information security such as personal information protection, and support service for establishing internal control. The Marketing... (more)





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for 2467.NG.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
0.20


Market Cap(Mil.):
¥1,034.17


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
7.49


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
--








					Financials





 
2467.NG
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				153.83

				21.09

				19.38


EPS (TTM):

				0.90

				--

				--


ROI:

				1.30

				16.48

				12.55


ROE:

				1.00

				18.64

				13.14












					Latest News about 2467.NG



BRIEF-VLC Holdings units plans collaboration with Everforth
* Says its two units, VIO Co LTD and VLC Co Ltd planed to
form a business alliance with Everforth Co Ltd, in digital
marketing field

05 Jun 2017
BRIEF-VLC Holdings to forgive receivables of 241 mln yen from unit
* Says it will forgive receivables of 241 million yen from
unit VLC Co.,Ltd. due to liabilities exceeding assets of unit,
on May 31

31 May 2017
BRIEF-VLC Holdings appoints new president
* Says it appoints Masaharu Ohtake as new president, to
succeed current president Seisuke Matsumoto, effective June 29

30 May 2017
BRIEF-VLC Holdings revises transaction date to March 10 for sale of unit
* Says it revises transaction date for sale of Japan-based
unit, which is engaged in newly-constructed residence related
business, to March 10 from Feb. 10 previously

13 Feb 2017

» More 2467.NG News











 Earnings vs.  Estimates





















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting























VLC Holdings Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:34 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of VLC Holdings Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. engages in security consulting, marketing support, IT, and housing-related businesses in Japan. The company also provides marketing research services; and marketing, sales promotion, and advertising agency services. In addition, it operates as a building construction contractor; and engages in the construction of single-family properties and apartments. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.


Asahi Seimei Sunaga building2-2-6 BakurochoNihonbashiChuo-kuTokyo,  103-0002JapanFounded in 199452 Employees



Phone: 81 3 5649 2500

Fax: 81 3 5649 2710

www.vlcholdings.com







Key Executives for VLC Holdings Co., Ltd.


VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. Key Developments

VLC Holdings Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 29, 2017
May 10 17
VLC Holdings Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 29, 2017. Agenda: To consider earnings results for the fiscal year ended March 2017.


VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. to Report Fiscal Year 2017 Results on May 12, 2017
Apr 14 17
VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. announced that they will report fiscal year 2017 results on May 12, 2017


VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. to Report Q3, 2017 Results on Feb 14, 2017
Feb 9 17
VLC Holdings Co., Ltd. announced that they will report Q3, 2017 results on Feb 14, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 90 Seconds Japan Asia A D N Co.,Ltd. Asia Able Access Co. Ltd. Asia Acdia Co., Ltd. Asia Acress, Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 26, 2016
			    
House Bank International, K.K.





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact VLC Holdings Co., Ltd., please visit www.vlcholdings.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























VLC Holdings Co Ltd (2467.NG)  Key Developments | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States



























































VLC Holdings units plans collaboration with Everforth












Monday, 5 Jun 2017 03:08am EDT June 5 (Reuters) - VLC Holdings Co Ltd <2467.NG> ::* Says its two units, VIO Co LTD and VLC Co Ltd planed to form a business alliance with Everforth Co Ltd, in digital marketing field. 



        Latest Developments forVLC Holdings Co Ltd



VLC Holdings appoints new president

VLC Holdings revises transaction date to March 10 for sale of unit

VLC Holdings to sell unit at 225 mln yen

VLC Holdings' president change






Latest Key Developments inIT


Inspur International updates on cash offers by ABCI Capital Limited
India's Infosys to buy digital studio Brilliant Basics
Innodata Inc Q2 loss per share $0.01
Perficient reports Q2 GAAP earnings per share $0.07








        Related Company News



BRIEF-VLC Holdings units plans collaboration with Everforth

Mon, Jun 5 2017
BRIEF-VLC Holdings to forgive receivables of 241 mln yen from unit

Wed, May 31 2017
BRIEF-VLC Holdings appoints new president

Tue, May 30 2017







        Company Quote



VLC Holdings Co Ltd
(2467.NG)
138.0
0.0 +0.00%
3 Aug 2017























VLC - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










	VLC Holdings Company Limited (2467) Company Profile - CorporateInformation.com

































HomeTools

Top 100 Lists

Market CapitalizationFiscal Year SalesOperating Margin52 Week Price ChangeThree Year Sales Growth

Currency Exchange RatesDefinitions & ExtensionsResearch Links

Company ReportsIndustry Averages ReportsSubscriptionsAbout Us

CorporateInformationWright Investor's ServiceContact Us

Subscriber LoginShopping Cart




















                                             



































                                             





























                                             















                                                     



                                             




                                 








                 



                 



                 














                                                VLC Holdings Company Limited
                                             Company Snapshot
                                            









                                            
	VLC Holdings Company Limited operates in the Computer integrated systems design sector.
	
	In addition to historical fundamental analyses, the complete report available to purchase compares VLC Holdings Company Limited with three other
	
			companies in this sector in Japan:
		
	ASJ Incorporated
	
		(2017
	sales of 2.30 billion Japanese Yen [US$20.82  million]
		),
	
	Jedat Inc
	
		(1.69 billion Japanese Yen [US$15.37  million]
		of which 47%
		was Product and Goods), and
	
	E-Seikatsu Co.,Ltd
	
		(1.99 billion Japanese Yen [US$18.02  million]
		).
	
	Sales Analysis. 
	VLC Holdings Company Limited reported sales of ¥1.71 billion (US$15.54 million)
		for the
		
			fiscal
		
		year ending
		March of 2017.
	
		This
		
			represents
		
			a
			
				sharp
			
			decrease of 23.9%
		
		 versus 2016, when the company's sales were ¥2.25 billion.
	

	




 


 
 


 
 


 
 











 



 













 










VLC Holdings Company Limited











                             


 


 





                         

Stock Data:

Recent Stock Performance:

 





                         

Current Price (7/31/2017): 
                                    140.00
(Figures in
                                Japanese Yen)




1 Week

                                        0.7%
                                     

13 Weeks

                                        2.9%
                                     

















4 Weeks

                                        7.7%
                                     

52 Weeks

                                        2.2%
                                     

 

 


             




 

                            VLC Holdings Company Limited
                            Key Data:





 





                                     

                                        Ticker:                                    

                                        2467

                                        Country:                                    

                                        Japan


 




                                     

                                        Exchanges:

                                         TYO

                                        Major Industry:

                                        Software & Services


 




                                     
                                     
 

                                        Sub Industry:

                                        Computer Integrated Systems Design


 




                                     

                                        2017
                                        Sales

                                        1,712,841,000
                                         (Year Ending Jan  2018).

                                        Employees:

                                        64


 




                                     

                                        Currency:

                                        Japanese Yen

                                        Market Cap:

                                        1,041,666,000


 




                                     

                                        Fiscal Yr Ends:

                                        March

                                        Shares Outstanding:

                                        7,494,000


 




                                     

                                        Share Type:                                    

                                        Common

                                        Closely Held Shares:

                                        5,058,700

 


 

 


 


 














 
 







 





                                                 



                                                 



                                                 






Feedback |
                                                            Terms and Conditions |
                                                            Privacy Policy |
                                                            Site Index







                                                 
                                            





                                                CorporateInformation® website and selected data Copyright © 2000 -

                                                

                                                by The Winthrop Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Except for quotations by established
                                                news media, no pages on this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system,
                                                or transmitted for commercial purposes, in any form or by any means, electronic,
                                                mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without prior written permission.
                                                Information is believed reliable, but accuracy, completeness and opinions are not
                                                guaranteed.
                                            














                     
                

























			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##




 

    










  2467:Nagoya Stock Quote - VLC Holdings Co Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  VLC Holdings Co Ltd   2467:JP   Nagoya        138.0JPY   0.0   0.00%     As of 2:27 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   136.0    Day Range   136.0 - 139.0    Volume   14,400    Previous Close   138.0    52Wk Range   118.0 - 153.0    1 Yr Return   0.00%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   136.0    Day Range   136.0 - 139.0    Volume   14,400    Previous Close   138.0    52Wk Range   118.0 - 153.0    1 Yr Return   0.00%    YTD Return   -2.13%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   153.33    Earnings per Share (JPY) (TTM)   0.9    Market Cap (b JPY)   1.034    Shares Outstanding  (m)   7.494    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.60    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.12%     Industry Media   % Price Change +0.13%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   VLCHOLDINGS CO., LTD. provides business consulting services.  The Company offers a variety of services including compliance management, internet marketing research and the other survey services.    Address  2-2-6 NihombashibakurochoChuo-Ku, 103-0002Japan   Phone  81-3-5649-2500   Website   www.vlcank.com     Executives Board Members    Masaharu Ohtake  President    Masato Igarashi  Director    Motohiro Noguchi  Director    Norihiko Ishihara  Director     Show More         








Official download of VLC media player, the best Open Source player - VideoLAN























































































 



                VideoLAN, a project and a non-profit organisation. 




 



                        VLC media player                    


                    VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVDs, Audio CDs, VCDs, and various streaming protocols.                

                    VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files, and various streaming protocols.                





                    Download VLC 





WindowsWindows PhoneMac OS XLinuxAndroidiOS 


                        Other Systems                    




            Version 
            2.2.6 • Windows • 28 MB

















Simple, fast and powerful


Simple, fast and powerful


Plays everything - Files, Discs, Webcams, Devices and Streams.                    

Plays most codecs with no codec packs needed - MPEG-2, MPEG-4, H.264, MKV, WebM, WMV, MP3...                    

Runs on all platforms - Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Unix, iOS, Android ...                    

Completely Free - no spyware, no ads and no user tracking.                    

learn more









Customise





Customise


Add skins.


Create skins with VLC skin editor.


Install extensions.










Screenshots













 


View all screenshots








Official Downloads of VLC media player 


Windows
Get VLC for Windows Get VLC for Windows Store Get VLC for Windows Phone Apple Platforms
Get VLC for Mac OS XGet VLC for iOSGet VLC for Apple TV Sources
You can also directly get the source code. 

GNU/Linux
Get VLC for Debian GNU/LinuxGet VLC for UbuntuGet VLC for MintGet VLC for openSUSEGet VLC for Gentoo LinuxGet VLC for FedoraGet VLC for Arch LinuxGet VLC for Slackware LinuxGet VLC for ALT LinuxGet VLC for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 

Other Systems
Get VLC for AndroidGet VLC for Chrome OSGet VLC for FreeBSDGet VLC for NetBSDGet VLC for OpenBSDGet VLC for SolarisGet VLC for QNXGet VLC for SyllableGet VLC for OS/2 




 





















VLC media player

VLC
VLC for Windows
VLC for Mac OS X
VLC for Ubuntu
VLC for Android
VLC for iOS
Skins
Extensions
Features
Screenshots
VLC Skin Editor



All Projects

VideoLan Movie Creator
DVBlast
x264
x262
x265
multicat
VLMa
libdvdcss
libdvdnav
libdvdread
libbluray
libdvbpsi
libaacs
libdvbcsa
biTStream



Community

Wiki
Forums
Mailing-Lists
FAQ
Donate money
Donate time
Get Goodies



VideoLAN

Project and Organisation
Team
Legal
Contact us
Partners
Mirrors
Press centre
Events
Security centre
Get Involved
News





Translations:  
af
ar
be
bg
bn-IN
bs
ca
cs
cy
da
de
de-LU
dv
el
en
en-GB
es
et
fa
fo
fr
fy
gd
gl
gu
he
hi
hr
hu
is
it
ja
ka
km
kn
ko
ky
lo
lt
lv
mk
ml
mn-MN
mr
ms
my
nb
nl
or
pl
pt
pt-BR
ro
ru
si
sk
sl
sq
sr
sv
ta
te
th
tr
tt
uk
ur
uz
vi
zh
zh-TW
 




Legal

                            | Report Trademark Abuse

                            VideoLAN, VLC, VLC media player and x264 are trademarks internationally registered by the VideoLAN non-profit organization.
                            VideoLAN software is licensed under various open-source licenses: use and distribution are defined by each software license.
                        



                            Design by Made By Argon. Some icons are licensed under the CC BY-SA 3.0+. 
                            The VLC cone icon was designed by Richard Ã˜iestad. Icons for VLMC, DVBlast and x264 designed by Roman Khramov.
                        













































Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd (2467) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review | Market Research Reports® Inc.



















Skip to main content









 








Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Become Publisher
Blog
 





0 items $0.00 











Search form

Search this site 
 

Search



 










You are here: Home  Catalog  Business & Government  Company Reports (Business Services) 









Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd (2467) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review











Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd (2467) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review









Printer versionSend by email





Publication ID: GDA05174351
Publication Date: 

May 15, 2017



Pages: 

25


Publisher: GlobalData
Countries: 

Japan


$300.00
Publication License Type *
 
 Single User License (PDF), $300.00 


 Site License (PDF), $600.00 


 Global License (PDF), $900.00 


Please choose the suitable license type from above. More details are at given under tab "Report License Types" below.




Add to cart





Why to buy from us?




 Globally Trusted Brand


We help executives from Fortune 500 firms to Start-ups with their market research needs thus we can help you too. 





 Shop With Confidence


If you have any pre-sales questions related to this report pelase let us know using the "Report Enquiry" form below. This will help us provide you with answers so that you can purchase with confidence. 





 Secure Checkout


You can shop confidently as your online payments are processed using PCI DSS compliant secure payment gateways on our website.





 Frequently Asked Questions


If you wish to read about frequently asked questions by our customers please visit our FAQs page.















TabsDescription

Summary
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd (VLC) is a marketing research company that provides business consulting, marketing, IT business, and in housing-related services. The company’s consulting services include information security, marketing business, sales promotion, marketing research and business strategy consulting. Its services include research planning, design, analyze, and report to the principal. VLC’s marketing business caters industry related to the food, the manufacturer, logistics company, promotion various sales planning, event planning, and others. The company provides services for new and reconstruction work in general detached houses single-family houses, remodeling, and general mansion. VLC is headquartered in Chuo, Japan.
This comprehensive SWOT profile of Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd provides you an in-depth strategic analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.
This company report forms part of GlobalData’s ‘Profile on Demand’ service, covering over 50,000 of the world’s leading companies. Once purchased, GlobalData’s highly qualified team of company analysts will comprehensively research and author a full financial and strategic analysis of Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd including a detailed SWOT analysis, and deliver this direct to you in pdf format within two business days. (excluding weekends).
The profile contains critical company information including*, 
- Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.
- Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.
- SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.
- Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.
- Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
- Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.
- Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.
- Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.
- Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.
- Important locations and subsidiaries – A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.
- Detailed financial ratios for the past five years – The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.
- Interim ratios for the last five interim periods – The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.
Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Key benefits of buying this profile include,
You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.
- The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.
Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.
- The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events. 
Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.
- Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.
Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.
- Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.
Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.
- Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.




Table of Contents

Table of Contents
 Section 1 - About the Company 
 Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Key Information
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Overview
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Key Employees
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Key Employee Biographies
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Key Operational Heads
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Major Products and Services
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - History
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Company Statement
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Locations And Subsidiaries 
 Head Office
Other Locations & Subsidiaries 
 Section 2 - Company Analysis 
 Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Business Description
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Corporate Strategy
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - SWOT Analysis
SWOT Analysis - Overview
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Strengths
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Weaknesses
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Opportunities
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Threats
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Key Competitors 
 Section 3 - Company Financial Performance Charts 
 Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd - Financial Ratios
Financial Ratios - Capital Market Ratios
Financial Ratios - Annual Ratios
Financial Ratios - Interim Ratios
Financial Ratios - Ratio Charts 
 Section 4 - Appendix 
 Appendix
Methodology
Ratio Definitions
About GlobalData
Contact Us
Disclaimer 
 Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
List of Tables
List of Tables
 Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Information
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Ratios
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Share Data
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Major Products and Services
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, History
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Employees
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Employee Biographies
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Operational Heads
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Other Locations
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Subsidiaries 
 Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Key Competitors
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, SWOT Analysis
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Ratios based on current share price
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Annual Ratios
Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd, Interim Ratios
Currency Codes
Capital Market Ratios
Equity Ratios
Profitability Ratios
Cost Ratios
Liquidity Ratios
Leverage Ratios
Efficiency Ratios
List of Figures




Companies Covered

Vlc Holdings Co., Ltd




Report License Types

Single User License (PDF)
This license allows for use of a publication by one person.
This person may print out a single copy of the publication.
This person can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
This person cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Single User License must be purchased for every person that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Site License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by all users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office.
These users may print out a single copy of the publication.
These users can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
These users cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside the corporate location for which the publication is purchased.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Site User License must be purchased for every corporate location by an organization that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Global License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by unlimited users within the purchasing organization e.g. all employees of a single company.
Each of these people may use the publication on any computer, and may print out the report, but may not share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside of the organization.
These employees of purchasing organization can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
*If Applicable.




Report Enquiry


Do you have more questions related to this market research report after going through the description and table of contents?
We are here to help. Please use the form given below to let us know your questions related to this report.
Kindly use your official email address and contact number to ensure speedy response.


First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Email Address *



Phone (Including International Code) *



Report Title *



Your Inquiry *








CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


Math question *
 1 + 0 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


Submit




Company Reports (Business Services)Business & Government

*Please note that the report cover image shown above is for representation purpose only. Actual report cover may vary.








 300.00000
Single User License (PDF)

Market Research Reports® Inc.
http://www.marketresearchreports.com












Related Market Research Reports







Publication 

Price 





Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Taiyo Bussan Kaisha, Ltd. (9941) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



IP Group Plc (IPO) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Lincoln Educational Services Corporation (LINC) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



A.J. Plast Public Company Limited (AJ) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Salmat Limited (SLM) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



PRGX Global, Inc. (PRGX) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Goldis Berhad (GOLDIS) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Blue Label Telecoms Limited (BLU) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Harvey Nash Group plc (HVN) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



The Corporate Executive Board Company (CEB) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 



Akka Technologies SA (AKA) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Summary 

$300.00 




 









Clients Who Trust Us

 











Need tailor made market research solution? We can help you with that too.

Contact Us










About Us

At Market Research Reports, Inc. we aim to make it easier for decision makers to find relevant information and locate right market research reports which can save their time and assist in what they do best, i.e. take time-critical decisions.
We work with our associate Global market research firms who are known leaders in their respective domains to obtain right market research solution for our customer’s needs, be it custom research or syndicated research reports.





Contact Us


Market Research Reports, Inc

















16192 Coastal Hwy
Lewes, DE 19958, USA
 USA: +1-302-703-9904
 India: +91-8762746600
 marketresearchreports
[email protected]
 




User login


Username *
 


Password *
 

Create new account
Request new password


Log in
 




Latest Blog Posts



  
 Investment Opportunities in Taiwan: Semiconductor, Chemical and Consumer Goods will Lead the Pack 

 Global Investment Opportunities in Ports and Terminals 
 
 


Stay Connected







 



Sign up to our newsletter:
Email Address *
 



Subscribe
 





 




Research Industries

Home
Automotive
Banking & Finance
Business & Government
Chemicals
Computing & Electronics
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Utilities
Food & Beverages
Industry & Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Media
Pharma & Healthcare
Telecom
Transport
Travel & Leisure
 









Our Company

About Us
Publications By Country
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 







© Copyright 2010-17 Market Research Reports, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. M Market Research Reports and the M Market Research Reports Logo are registered trademarks of Market Research Reports, Inc.
Disclaimer: Market Research Reports, Inc. has no affiliation to, and is not associated with any other website(s) or organization(s). We offer syndicated research reports (like country analysis, SWOT analysis, competitive intelligence, industry reports, company reports and market analysis & trends reports) and custom market research from our website MarketResearchReports.com only.
If you are looking for a market research solution for your research requirements, please begin your search using the search box on top of this page or use our chat system to speak to our market research consultants or directly write to us.
 










Company Profile for VLC Holdings Co Ltd



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: VLC Holdings Co Ltd (2467.NG)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				2467.NG on Nagoya Stock Exchange


				138JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥0


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

¥138


Open

¥136




Day's High

¥139


Day's Low

¥136




Volume

14,400


Avg. Vol

11,144




52-wk High

¥153


52-wk Low

¥118












					Full Description



		VLC HOLDINGS CO., LTD. is primarily engaged in providing consulting and solution service for security and building of systems and databases. The Consulting segment provides consulting service for information security such as personal information protection, and support service for establishing internal control. The Marketing Research segment provides marketing research utilizing Internet, consulting on business strategy, sales promotion and advertising agency services. The Information Digital Service segment provides support service for building of databases, and support service for libraries. The IT segment provides system proposal, development and operation support, and also provides value-added systems such as solutions utilizing original package software. As of March 31, 2013, the Company had four subsidiaries. On March 31, 2014, the Company transferred all shares in an 80.8%-owned subsidiary NDK Co., Ltd.
» Full Overview of 2467.NG







					Company Address



VLC Holdings Co Ltd
Asahi Seimei Sunaga Bldg.2-2-6, Bakuro-cho, NihombashiCHUO-KU   TKY   103-0002
P: +813.56492500F: +813.56492710







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Sumio Muramatsu

--




							 Masaharu Ohtake

--




							 Motohiro Noguchi

--




							 Masato Igarashi

--




							 Norihiko Ishihara

--




» More Officers & Directors





					VLC Holdings Co Ltd News




BRIEF-VLC Holdings units plans collaboration with Everforth

05 Jun 2017 
BRIEF-VLC Holdings to forgive receivables of 241 mln yen from unit

31 May 2017 
BRIEF-VLC Holdings appoints new president

30 May 2017 
BRIEF-VLC Holdings revises transaction date to March 10 for sale of unit

13 Feb 2017 

» More 2467.NG  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting





















