





Chip Hope Co., Ltd. ,Pneumatic & Hydraulic ,Hydraulic Parts ,Taiwan










Search


Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Countries My Companiess Add My Company Free    Share:






Chip Hope Co., Ltd.


Company DescriptionChip Hope Co., Ltd.  (Chip Hope) was established at 1993 in Taipei and has grown steadily since. In March 8, 2004 Chip Hope was listed on the Taiwan OTC securities market, and the company has grown over the years, by 2006 it has increased its capital to NT $315 million. Meanwhile Chip Hope has becoming one of the key distributor of Elan Microelectronics Co. in the category of communication, consumer electronics, PC peripherals IC and more. 
To expand its business domain and compete in the global market, Chip Hope has invested impressive R& D effort in system software, optoelectronics technologies / devices / system, and flash memory series products. Nowadays, Chip Hope has become one of the leading companies worldwide in optoelectronics and flash memory series products. 
 

Company InformationContact Person:Ms. Sophia SungDepartment:Flash Memory Dept.Job Title:SalesTelephone:Fax:Zip:23553Province/State:TwCity:Junghe City, TaipeiBusiness Type:ManufacturerYear Established:1993Number Of Employees:101 - 200 PeopleTotal Revenue:US$5 Million - US$10 MillionTrade Capacity:North America : 11.11% South America : 11.11%Production Capacity:- -R&D Capacity:No. of R&D Staff :41 - 50 PeopleMain Products:Flash Memory / SD / Minisd / Microsd / Adapters, Address:9f-1, No. 258, Liancheng Rd.Main Markets:North America, South America, Western Europe, EastLocation:TaiwanWebsite:Visit website 

ProductBulk Head AttenuatorsSingle-Mode Fixed Fiber AttenuatorMTRJ AdaptersActive Night Vision lightMMC plusMicroSD AdapterFingerPrinter Security SystemFiber Optic Patch Cordmini SDmicroSD-to-miniSD AdapterCF Adapter (PCMCIA)miniSD AdapterMMC Adapter100W Street LightFC AdaptersLED Flash Light LensCave / Ceiling Mood LightsSpot Lights & Down LightsFull Color Wall Wash LightSC/APC AdaptersRear View Camera SystemST AdaptersMolding ServicesLED for General LightingSplit Type Rearview Camera SystemHybrid AdaptersRainbow SD CardLED SD CardMicro SDSecure Digital Card 


Taiwan Hydraulic Parts Related CompanyQueen Tung Co., Ltd. Customized Coils,Solenoid Valves,Automotive Parts,Metal Spools,Metal Injection …Coolbit Oil Coolers,Heat Exchanger,Climate ControlSHUZ TUNG MACHINERY INDUSTRIAL CO., LTD. CNC/NC Pipe Bender,Tube Forming Solution Equipment,Bicycle turnkey project equipment …Yeoshe Hydraulic Co., Ltd. axial piston pumps,Portable Filter Cart,Milling Machine,Punching & Shaping,Coil Oil …PENG LIM ENTERPRISE CO., LTD. Dental Handpiece, Dental Light, Dental Curing Light, Intra Oral Camera, Dental UnitReal Turn Technology Co., Ltd. heat exchanger,radiators,air coolers,oil coolers,condensersRexpower Hydraulic And Pneumatic Co., Ltd Hydraulic Valves,Hydraulic Pumps,Hyddraulic Cylinders,Hydraulic Accesories,Pneumatic …Chan Yin Machinery Stainless Steel Tube/Pipe Making Machine,Hydrostatic Pressure Testing Machine,Round Square …Hong Di Hydraulic Supply Co., Ltd. hydraulic pump,hydraulic valve,hydraulic motor,Power Unit Accessories,Power … 


CategoryMechanical Parts & Fabrication ServicesPneumatic & HydraulicHydraulic PartsTaiwan Mechanical Parts & Fabrication ServicesTaiwan Pneumatic & HydraulicTaiwan Hydraulic Parts

Related ProductcushionspeedpneumaticregulatorcleanCheck ValveshockFluidClamps


Countries   China   India   Indonesia   Malaysia   Pakistan   Turkey   United Kingdom   United States   All Countries

Add your free listing Browse Countries Categories Mobile Version Contact Us © 2015 Companiess.com
 




Chip Hope Co., Ltd. - Taiwan, China Computer & IT Supplier, Taiwan, China Computer & IT Manufacturer















Busytrade.com | Make BusyTrade Your Homepage | Add to Favorites


Login |
		Sign Up | 		iBusyTrade
		| Inquiry Basket(0) | Buy Busydollars | Help









Chip Hope Co., Ltd.





Store Home
Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map








 

Home
»








 

Home
Company Profile
Video Show
Certificate & Award
E-brochure
Company News
Leave a Message




Inquiry



 

Search











 




Contact Info

Mrs. Sophia Sung
T: 886-2-82271166-215
M: 886-928-615308
F: 886-2-82271296
Address: 9F-1, No.258, Liancheng Rd., Junghe City,Taipei, Taiwan, China[TW]
what's this?
 Not set
									



 

Friendly Links
搜价易购物搜索
 








Company Info












							Chip Hope Co., Ltd. (Chip Hope) was established at 1993 in Taipei and has grown steadily since. In March 8, 2004 Chip Hope was listed on the Taiwan OTC securities market, and the company has grown over the years, by 2006 it has increased its capital to NT$315 million . Meanwhile Chip Hope has becoming one of the key distributor of Elan Microelectronics Co. in the category of communication, consumer electronics, PC peripherals IC and more. 
To...
							» Read More
» Leave a Message











Featured Wholesale Products» More












Computer Peripherals



Microsd to Minisd Adapter-Green



Microsd to SD Adapter-Pink



miniSD to SD Adapter



Micro SD Cards-Blue



Mini SD Cards-Red



LED SD Cards-Apparent



Rainbow SD Cards-Yellow



Security Digital Cards-Black













 








For Buyers - For Sellers - Top Searches - Wholesale - Popular The site design and services are presented by China Wholesale Marketplace BusyTrade.com. 
Copyright &copy 1999 - 2017 BusyTrade.Com Ltd. All rights reserved. ICP No.GX 11000948-8




 


On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd (Japan) | Mitsui Bussan Electronics Ltd.


















Site Map
Japanese
Chinese











Font size : 


















HOME > Products > Manufacturing/Inspection Equipment > On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd (Japan)



On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd (Japan)



Categories
Flow Cytometer (cell analysis equipment)Cell sorter (cell sorting equipment)

Manufacturer name
On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd (Japan)Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology,Tama-Koganei Venture Port 2-24-16 Naka-cho, Koganei City, Tokyo

Product name
Microfluidic chip/flow cytometer "On-chip Flow"Microfluidic chip/cell sorter "On-chip Sort"


Description of manufacturer


On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd. is a life science analysis equipment development company, and the first in the world to use microfluid chips in order to develop the Flow Cytometer and the Cell Sorter.In both devices, fluids are contained in a disposable microfluidic chip that does not requirea sheath or waste tank and is maintenance-free. Both devices are compact enough to fit inside a biosafety cabinet. Furthermore, with the cell sorter, the company brought to fruition the technology to sort cells without inflicted damage. 

Product description
What is the Flow Cytometer and the Cell Sorter?The Flow Cytometer measures the light scattered when a laser beam is sent through particles such as cells in a liquid flowing at a high speed and for fluorescence emitted by particles labeled beforehand with fluorescent substances. A cell sorter is a type of Flow Cytometer that can sort particular cells. Both devices are essential in cytology.
Technology description of On-chip Biotechnologies Co.,Ltd. 
Micro flow path technology



Sterile and contamination-free due to disposable chips
Disposable and interchangeable microfluidic chips are used for cell analysis and sorting in both On-chip Flow and On-chip Sort.
The acrylic chips have a flow path width of 80μm and depth of 50～80μm, formed on a base plate of 5.5 cm x 4.0 cm. All of fluids and reservoirs are placed in these interchangeable microfluidic chips, so there is no contamination among samples as well as no contamination to the equipment.
Neither device requires a sheath tank and both are compact enough to fit inside a regular sized biosafety cabinet.
Chips for cell analysis and sorting are available in sterilized or non- sterilized form.














Chips for cell analysisChips for cell analysis/sortingHigh-capacity chips for cell sorting


On-chip Biotechnologies theory of cell sorting
On-chip Biotechnologies has developed its own technology (flow shift method) for controlling cell flow on microfluidic chips.
In On-chip Sort, cells flow on microfluidic paths via pneumatic control. Identification of an object cell is made, in the same way as for the previous cell sorters, by identifying scattered light or fluorescence emitted by a laser beam irradiated on the cells.
On the other hand, for the flow shift method sorting mechanism is completely different from the method in the conventional equipment. According to this new method, at the instant the object cell crosses the microfluidic path, air pushes and pulls the fluid to force target cells into the sorting reservoir while letting non-target cells flow down and be collected into a waste reservoir.

Sorting cells without damaging them
Damage-free cell sorting has been achieved with microfluidic chips.
With On-chip Sort, the company adopted its original Flow shift method in order to achieve sorting with incredibly minute pressure without the use of ultrasonic sound waves or electrical charges. This technology allowe for cells easily susceptible to damage such as nerve cells to be sorted.
As shown in the following pictures, nerve cell B that had been sorted with a traditional sorter was killed by damage while non-sorted nerve cell A and nerve cell C that had been sorted with On-chip Sort showed a characteristic unique to nerve cell by extending its axon.


Flow cytometer On-chip Flow
The Flow Cytometer is easy to operate and maintenance-free and biohazard-free. Due to that the microfluidic chips are disposable, all fluids are replaceable for every measurement taken.






Product name
Product No.
Laser
No. of fluorescence detectors


On-chip Flow HS
362F2001
Blue Red Violet
6


On-chip Flow MS5
252F2001
Blue Red
5


On-chip Flow MS6
262F2001
Blue Violet
6


On-chip Flow LS5
152F2001
Blue
5


On-chip Flow LS3
132F2001
Blue
3





The company’s Flow Cytometer has the following advantages:



Easy to operate
It is easy to operate and does not require proficiency. You can use the Flow Cytometer in the same manner you would use a spectrophotometer. All you have to do is to prepare a sample and sheath fluid, and set them on the equipment.
Ideal for analyzing biohazardous samples
All fluids retained in the microfluidic chips and the chips are disposable. Therefore, you can analyze, even biohazardous samples such as pathogenic bacteria and virus-infected cell without worrying about fluidic contamination.
Compact enough to be fit inside a biosafety cabinet
Because the equipment is compact, you can install it within a biosafety cabinet. You can take measures easily against dispersal of samples and for the operators' safety.
 It works with microscale samples
It can analyze microscale samples from 10μlµ. It is ideal for analyzing your precious samples.
Maintenance-free
Because the company’s microfluidic chips are disposable, there is no need to clean instrument and maintenance is easy.







Cell sorter "On-chip Sort"
 The world’s first microfluidic chip method that provides safe, high-precision sorting.






Product name
Product No.
Laser
No. of fluorescence detectors


On-chip Sort HS
362S3001
Blue Red Violet
6


On-chip Sort MS5
252S3001
Blue Red
5


On-chip Sort MS6
262S3001
Blue Violet
6


On-chip Sort LS5
152S3001
Blue
5


On-chip Sort LS3
132S3001
Blue
3








Our cell sorter based on microfluidic chips has the following advantages:
Sterile cell sorting
All fluids are contained in disposable sterile microfluidic chips. Because the chips are disposable, there is no contamination between samples and no aerosols are generated.
Cell sorting can be done in culture fluid
You can sort cells not only in the sheath solution, but also in the sample buffer solution and culture fluid. 
It can correspond to a microscale sample
You can sort microscale samples from 10～. Ideal for your precious samples!
Compact and maintenance-free
It is compact and can be installed in a biosafety cabinet. Because its microfluidic chips are disposable, there is no need for clean-up and maintenance is easy.







Main specifications of equipment


 
On-chip Flow
On-chip Sort


Lasers
Maximum three (405nm, 488nm, 561nm, 637nm, 785nm)


Measurement parameter
Forward scatter (FSC), Side scatter (SSC), 6PMT (up to 10 parameters)


Size sensitivity
 FSC < 0.5 μm, SSC  < 1.0 μm


Fluorescent sensitivity
< 200 MESF FITC


Data resolution
4 decades, 18 bit


Pulse analysis
Height、Area、Width


Detection wavelengt
FL1(445/20 nm)、FL2(543/22 nm)、FL3(591.5/43 nm)
FL4(607/24 nm)、FL5(676/37 nm)、FL6(> 710 nm)


Flow-cell chip
 Disposable microfluidic chip


Material of chip
Acrylic plastic (PMMA)


Fluidic path size 
80 µm x 50 µm
80 µm x 80 µm


Flow velocity (m/s)
500 - 2000 mm/sec
500 mm/sec


Sheath buffer
1 - 3 mL


Sorting method
‐
Flow Shift method in microfluidic path


Purity
‐
> 95% (depends on cell concentration)


Yield
‐
> 80%


Cell damage
No (able to recover cells after analysis)
No


Contamination-free
No contamination, All fluids are replaced because of disposable chips


Sterilized/measures against biohazard
Yes
Yes


Fluid flowing pressure
0.3 - 3PSI
0.3PSI


Analysis speed
4,000 events/sec


Sorting speed
‐
20 targets/sec


Start-up
1 to 2 minutes
5 minutes


Shutdown
10 seconds (cleaning of tubings is not necessary)


Generation of aerosol
No


Size (W×H×D, mm)
620 x 330 x 390
620 x 330 x 390


Weight(kg)
35 kg
45 kg


PC and Software
Laptop PC


OS
Windows 7, 64 bit


Data format
Own format and FCS3.0


Power consumption
< 240 VA


Product features
Mounted lasers (wavelength) are selectable
Up to three lasers can be selected to be mounted on both On-chip Sort and On-chip Flow. Users may choose from blue (488 nm or 473 nm), violet (405 nm), green (561 nm), or red (637 nm). Customized lasers are also available for mounting within 588 nm to 785 nm.
The system achieved a high fluorescent sensitivity of ‹ 200 MESF FITC. Expansion of the measurement field and improvement in measurement accuracy are achieved through the use of 6 fluorescent colors. Furthermore, by mounting a laser in the near-ultraviolet range, analysis of side population cell can be made.


Applications
◇Cell analysis (Flow cytometer)・ Bacteria viability test　・ Measurement of virus-infected cell　・Cell cycle analysis　・Measurement of human peripheral blood　・ Side population analysis
                
              ◇Cell sorting (Cell sorter)　・Sterile/damage-free sorting of nerve cell　・Sorting of iPS cell-derived neural precursor cell　・Detection and sorting of peripheral blood Circular Tumor Cell　・Sterile/damage-free sorting of sperm
Support services
Technical support is provided from our engineers as well as engineers from On-Chip Biotechnologies.
Additional information
On-Chip Biotechnologies Co., Ltd. has developed original technologies and equipment with never before seen features that have been adopted by institutions engaged in leading-edge cell research such as largescale drug companies, biotech companies, and public research organizations such as universities. From time to time, we hold in-person demonstrations and explanatory meetings about the equipment. Please feel free to contact us with any inquiries.
Inquiries
Machinery & Materials Unit
 Page Top




M2M/IoT Device Service
Embedded PCs/Networks
Manufacturing/Inspection Equipment




  Cases











HOME


Services


Products


About Us





What’s new?
Collaboration with Mitsui & Co., Ltd.




Embedded PC Solutions
M2M/IoT Solutions
Industrial Equipment Innovation




M2M/IoT Device Service
Embedded PCs/Networks
Manufacturing/Inspection Equipment
Cases




Overview
Messages from representative directors
Corporate Philosophy
About Mitsui Bussan Electronics Ltd.
Our businesses




Environmental/quality policy | Privacy policy | Site map | Inquiries
Copyright Mitsui Bussan Electronics Ltd. All rights reserved.

 






	Chip Hope Co Ltd (8084) Company Profile - CorporateInformation.com

































HomeTools

Top 100 Lists

Market CapitalizationFiscal Year SalesOperating Margin52 Week Price ChangeThree Year Sales Growth

Currency Exchange RatesDefinitions & ExtensionsResearch Links

Company ReportsIndustry Averages ReportsSubscriptionsAbout Us

CorporateInformationWright Investor's ServiceContact Us

Subscriber LoginShopping Cart




















                                             



































                                             





























                                             















                                                     



                                             




                                 








                 



                 



                 














                                                Chip Hope Co Ltd
                                             Company Snapshot
                                            









                                            
	Chip Hope Co Ltd operates within the Semiconductors and related devices sector.
	
	In addition to historical fundamental analyses, the complete report available to purchase compares Chip Hope Co Ltd with three other
	
			companies in this sector in Taiwan:
		
	Gem Services Inc
	
		(2016
	sales of 2.96 billion Taiwanese Dollars [US$97.84  million]
		of which 98%
		was Semicondutor Segment),
	
	Subtron Technology Company Limited
	
		(2.94 billion Taiwanese Dollars [US$97.21  million]
		), and
	
	Harmony Electronics Corp
	
		(2.97 billion Taiwanese Dollars [US$98.28  million]
		).
	
	Sales Analysis. 
	
		During the year ended December of 2016, sales at
		Chip Hope Co Ltd were 2.96 billion Taiwanese Dollars (US$97.81 million).
	
		This
		
			is
		
				an
			
			increase of 32.9%
		
		 versus 2015, when the company's sales were 2.22 billion Taiwanese Dollars.
	
		The sales level in 2016 was fairly close to the level five years ago: in 2011, Chip Hope Co Ltd had sales
		of 2.86 billion Taiwanese Dollars.
	

	





 


 
 


 
 


 
 











 



 













 










Chip Hope Co Ltd











                             


 


 





                         

Stock Data:

Recent Stock Performance:

 





                         

Current Price (7/31/2017): 
                                    31.50
(Figures in
                                Taiwanese Dollars)




1 Week

                                        0.0%
                                     

13 Weeks

                                        -1.6%
                                     

















4 Weeks

                                        -1.6%
                                     

52 Weeks

                                        -7.5%
                                     

 

 


             




 

                            Chip Hope Co Ltd
                            Key Data:





 





                                     

                                        Ticker:                                    

                                        8084

                                        Country:                                    

                                        Taiwan


 




                                     

                                        Exchanges:

                                         TAI

                                        Major Industry:

                                        Semiconductor Equipment & Products


 




                                     
                                     
 

                                        Sub Industry:

                                        Semiconductors & Related Devices


 




                                     

                                        2016
                                        Sales

                                        2,955,055,000
                                         (Year Ending Jan  2017).

                                        Employees:

                                        51


 




                                     

                                        Currency:

                                        Taiwanese Dollars

                                        Market Cap:

                                        1,698,984,000


 




                                     

                                        Fiscal Yr Ends:

                                        December

                                        Shares Outstanding:

                                        53,936,000


 




                                     

                                        Share Type:                                    

                                        Gu

                                        Closely Held Shares:

                                        26,508,000

 


 

 


 


 














 
 







 





                                                 



                                                 



                                                 






Feedback |
                                                            Terms and Conditions |
                                                            Privacy Policy |
                                                            Site Index







                                                 
                                            





                                                CorporateInformation® website and selected data Copyright © 2000 -

                                                

                                                by The Winthrop Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Except for quotations by established
                                                news media, no pages on this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system,
                                                or transmitted for commercial purposes, in any form or by any means, electronic,
                                                mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without prior written permission.
                                                Information is believed reliable, but accuracy, completeness and opinions are not
                                                guaranteed.
                                            














                     
                

























			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##




 

    









 








巨虹电子 (Chip Hope Co., Ltd.) 公司概况 | EMIS










 


















关闭



菜单







查询




$0.00 (0)
篮子



篮子


 

 




 
 



总计


USD
$0.00


 

查看篮子
现在结帐
 

 






行业报告
公司报告
并购报告



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















首页  公司报告搜索  巨虹电子 (Chip Hope Co., Ltd.)     







 


 台湾                
巨虹电子 (Chip Hope Co., Ltd.)
一个EMIS公司报告
EMIS是欧洲货币机构投资公司
USD 29.95

行业: 半导体和其他电子元件制造业
可有的: 英语 & 中文
格式: PDF下载
最近财务数据：1％

购买完整报告
 
 
 
 




包括什么?
本报告从EMIS的公司信息数据库中提取有关公司的所有可用信息。右侧的目录表示购买时将包含在报告中的信息类别。
下载示例的报告






 


公司便利贴                    
                        (锁定的内容将在购买的报告中提供)
                    


联系信息                    





总部
                                新北市中和区连城路 258号 9楼之1                                
                                新北市;                                新北市;                                                                


电话: 886-2-8227
传真: 886-2-8227




网站:
http://www.chiphope.com 



 

公司简介                    




                        1993年巨虹电子股份有限公司成立，实收资本额为伍佰万元。代理并销售华隆微电子(股)公司通讯、消费性及个人电脑周边IC产品。1994年代理并销售义隆电子(股)公司四位元微控制器、通讯类及个人电脑周边IC产品。1999年年度业绩首次达到新台币伍亿元。购置台北市仁爱路办公大楼。开发无线电话45MHZ、48/46MHZ、49MHZ、900MHZ、2.4GHZ及来电显示TYPEΙ、Ⅱ之IC。2000年投入研发人员钻研行动电话充电器。荣获经济部进出口绩优厂商，出口成长率第74名，成长达123%。2001年投资香港进亨实业有限公司。开发射频模组27MHZ、400MHZ、900MHZ及2.4GHZ。2002年投资邦铨科技股份有限公司。开发PDA软件及硬件平台、翻译机IC、双制式软体解码器软体。2003年投资大陆巨虹科技（深圳）有限公司。于台北县中和市连城路增购新办公室。目前之商品（服务）项目：本公司目前从事业务系以微控制器（MicroControlUnit;MCU）之产品系统应用设计为主，由原厂（IC设计业者）如义隆电子（EMC）提供其所开发设计之4位元/8位元微控制器IC，本公司依据不同客户需求及产品进行功能性应用开发设计及程式撰写。其中以通讯产品之领域为主轴，其他各种应用产品亦针对市场及客户需求而陆续开发中。                    


NAICS行业分类                    


基本信息                    


主要管理人员                    


所有权明细                    


主要财务重点                    


财务业绩图表                    


主要竞争者                    

 

财务报表

年度报表                    


财务比率                    

 

EMIS信贷分析

EMIS Benchmark分数                    

 







 
 





这个报告允许你做的
EMIS公司报告提供您需要的数据，以准确评估您感兴趣的企业。




确定销售机会

公司是否符合您的目标人口？
主要的高管是谁？




进行风险评估

该公司是否信誉良好的？
它是财政稳定吗？




开展战略研究

该公司是潜在的业务合作伙伴/投资机会吗？
财务业绩是什么？


 
 
 
 


你是在良好的公司
EMIS公司的报告是世界上最伟大的公司，金融机构，专业服务公司和大学被广泛使用，在新兴市场为评估业务。 







800,000+
公司简介
我们有125个国家的公共和私人公司的信息。


2,000+
客户
EMIS是新兴市场公司的信息来源，为了世界上最负盛名的企业。

 
 
 
 

 









企业访问
如果您需要定期访问公司信息，您应该考虑订阅完整的EMIS服务。
EMIS公司简介是一个更大的信息服务的一部分，它将公司，行业和国家数据和分析结合在超过125个新兴市场的一个独特的信息平台上。
请求演示




 


％1与我们联系％2，以了解有关我们的业务解决方案的更多信息。
 
 





关注我们

B



 
 



注册我们的通讯
把新兴市场的最新见解直接收到您邮箱里，确保您不是最后知道的人


登记

 
 


 
 
 















 

