









Contact Markus Products































































 








Markus
Ingredients that add value



+44 (0)1963 435270  |  info@markusproducts.co.uk


Search for:



 









Contact us
Meet the Team
FAQs














How can we help you?
If you would like more information about Markus Products or what we do please fill in the form below. Alternatively give us a ring, or email us on the relevant email address below.












Your Name



Job title



Company



Email



Message



Company market
---Retail - PremiumRetail - DiscountWholesaleFoodserviceExportOther Market


Main product type
---BeefLambPorkChickenDuckTurkeyReady MealsPizzaPastaBakeryVegetablesSweetOther Types


Reason for enquiry
---General InformationNPD ProjectNew IdeasProduct MatchingNPD VisitNPD PresentationSales Visit




Markus Products Ltd
Murray Way
Wincanton Business Park
Wincanton
Somerset, BA9 9RX

Tel: 01963 435270

Info
info@markusproducts.co.uk

Sales
sales@markusproducts.co.uk


NPD
npd@markusproducts.co.uk

Technical
technical@markusproducts.co.uk

twitter google email

 
































Welcome to Marcus Products Company


















2954 State Hwy. KK
Rogersville, MO 65742
Phone: 417-447-0198
Toll Free: 877-893-8100
Fax: 417-447-0265
E-mail:stephen@marcusproducts.com













home
::
about Us
::
contact info
::
news/faqs
::
products
















all temp
thermo-guard
enviro-guard
specs & sds













Home | About Us | Contact Info | News/FAQS | Products
MarcusProducts.Com Â© 2004-2007





















MARKUS: Innovative bespoke food ingredients - 01963 435270





































































 








Markus
Ingredients that add value



+44 (0)1963 435270  |  info@markusproducts.co.uk


Search for:



 









 

                                Inspired Developers                            









Creators of innovative, bespoke food ingredients that add value and convenience

Markus is a leading provider and developer of a wide range of bespoke added-value food ingredients, which are used by food manufacturing customers in the ready meal and convenience food supply chain, for onward sale to supermarkets and food service. All our products are made to order and are created to individual customer requirements and development briefs.
read more



What We Do


Provide a comprehensive development service to supply bespoke ingredients for customers that add value and consumer appeal to their own products.
Provide expertise across a wide range of added value categories, including: poultry, red meat, fish and seafood, vegetable, pizza and speciality bread, dessert, ready meals and speciality products.
Work closely with customers to understand their needs, applications and ambitions and provide samples and solutions that meet their brief and timetable with full technical and commercial support.



Our development chefs research flavour trends and present innovative new ideas based on market direction.
Provide innovation presentations, customer workshops and production trials.
Prioritise the use of natural, clean declaration ingredients with provenance that deliver taste, aroma, versatility and culinary flair.
Help develop and launch innovative new products with an emphasis on taste, look, and smell.
Make to order a wide range of products, with flexibility in order, product and pack size.












What We Make






Portions

                                Plain and flavoured butters
                                Melting portions
                                Sauce portions
                                Meat free stuffings
                                Cheese blends
More







Sachets

                                Cooked sauces and gravies
                                BBQ sauces
                                Marinades, glazes and relishes
                                Spice and herb blends
                                Dessert sauces
                                Meal kit additions
More







Bulk Products

                                Savoury sauces and gravies
                                Flavoured butters and melts
                                Dessert sauces
                                Oil blends and dressings
                                Meat free stuffings and mixes
                                Crumb mixes
More











Latest News:







 


Meet Becky Adams
It gives us great pleasure to announce the appointment of Becky Adams as our new Development Manager at Markus Products. Becky joined our development team in October in order to strengthen and enhance our product development service. Becky was previously Product & Process Development Manager at Bakkavor Desserts at the Highbridge site. She has worked…
Read More











 


Goodbye Jane
After nearly 11 years with the company, we said a ...
Read More











 


Markus Merchandise & Wildcard Samples!
Take a look at our new cool bags, pads and pens, ...
Read More




















Tweets

RT @divebubbles: @markus_products #butter #forwardplanning #forwardthinking https://t.co/xo3LxMlL9c18 days agoDespite the alarm in the media - no panic here! We have butter supply in hand into 2018. https://t.co/LmZ5lNyCYP18 days agoRT @divebubbles: @Bexter_30 & England Ladies Shore Angling Team good luck in Wales next week @markus_products hoping you will do us proud!31 days agoCongratulations Sophie @soapycox & Mark.  
It's a girl!
Best wishes from all at Markus46 days agoRT @divebubbles: @markus_products #butter just got better 
https://t.co/MzDTGEdFt152 days agoRT @divebubbles: Well done team @markus_products #creative #yummy #different #unique #flavour https://t.co/9QffZA2mEv53 days agoRT @andykeatingis: @markus_products https://t.co/tXmMKL9DI555 days agoRT @andykeatingis: @Bexter_30 @markus_products @MarkusMullett @Ellie__Coughlan @Shell16877 @divebubbles Well done guys!
Leading the way as…55 days agoRT @Bexter_30: Supplier Award Winner @markus_products @MarkusMullett @Ellie__Coughlan @Shell16877 @divebubbles @andykeatingis #chef #innova…55 days ago
 































Markus Products






















Menu








Home
Books
DVDs
Cleansing Supplements
Nutritional Supplements
Package Deals
Where to Start
Dosage Instructions
Shipping FAQs
 Customer Support
 View Cart
 My Account
About Markus




















About Markus
Customer Support
View Cart
My Account
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter

























Home
Where to Start
Books

Heal Yourself 101 - New!
UnCookbook - On Sale!
Collector Images from the Heart of Markus
Dreamchaser
Edible Plant Guide
Heal Your Face
Instructions for a New Life
The Prosperity Secret


DVDs

Free Food & Medicine
Free Living 101
Prosperity Secret DVD
Raw Vegan Muscle
Solar Power for Me
Thin & Beautiful CD
To the Ends of Time
YouTube Videos DVD Set


Herbs

Cleansing Supplements

Kidney Formula - New!
Age-Free
Charconite
Free-Liver
Free-Colon
Parasite-Free
Prebiotic Fiber
Trim Force


Nutritional Supplements

GreenProC - New!
Happy Time - New!
Man-Force - New!
Power - New!
Green Formula
MarkusSweet
Night Rebuild
Sea Moss
Super Plant Protein
Vitamin C




Sets
Dosage Instructions
Shipping FAQs



WELCOME! CLICK TO LEARN ABOUT ALL THE NEW CHANGES AND PRODUCTS





























Get my Bestseller for Free

								I genuinely care about your health, which is why my bestselling e-book Heal Yourself 101 is now FREE. Download it now; change your life!
							
Download for Free!





Books for a New You

								Learn how to heal anything, and be the real you! My books cover a wide range of topics from cleansing, to sustainability, to prosperity.
							
View All Books





E-Books to Heal Anything

								All my print books are available in a PDF or Kindle format too, while my Health Condition booklets are available only online.
							
View All E-Books





DVDs for a New Life

								My DVDs will help you take control of your life, from going vegan, to living off-the-land, to going off-the-grid with solar power.
							
View All DVDs







×


Yes this E-Book is Free!

					To download the e-book you'll need to go through the normal checkout process.  If you look at the checkout page you will see the total amount for this download is zero dollars.  Once the checkout process is complete you will receive your link to download your free e-book.
				

					Click to continue the checkout process.
				








My Wildforce Line

								My Wild Force supplements are made from the finest ingredients from around the world! Always natural, gluten-free, and vegan.
							
View Products





My Bodyforce Line

								Get the best, most-powerful detox formulas on the market with my Bodyforce line. Cleanse parasites and remove toxins fast!
							
View Products





Powder Power Packages

								My formulas are more powerful when taken in powder form.  Save money - and get maximum punch - with my powder-only package deals!
							
View Powder Deals





Capsule + Powder Combos

								Everyone loves a good deal, and with twenty different sets to choose from, there's a combo deal that's perfect for you at an unbeatable price!
							
View Combo Deals







New Products






Prebiotic Fiber
Learn more





Markus Sweet
Learn more




DVD Collectors Set
Learn more




Heal Yourself 101 3rd Edition
Learn more







Free Recipes







Powerful Testimonials







Where to Start











Best Sellers









Greens Formula

								Buy for 







1 Month Parasite-Free

								Buy for 







3 Month Parasite-Free

								Buy for 







Vitamin C (400g)

								Buy for 







Trim Force

								Buy for 







Collagen Kit

								Buy for 







UnCookbook 2nd Edition

								Buy for 







Heal Yourself 101

								Buy for 










Copyright Markus Products 2010 - 2017 | Terms & Conditions | Privacy




These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.



 




















Better Business Bureau Serving Eastern MA, ME, RI & VT






























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News



                                BBB WARNING :
                            BBB Warns Community of Chic 2 Chic's Recent Closing




07/27/17


The Everything-Back-To-School Guide Every Parent Should Know



07/19/17


House Owners Starting To Feel The Heat To Hire An Air Conditioning Contractor



07/12/17


What to do if a Scammer Won't Stop Calling You



 More Local News »





                        Accredited Business Directory
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Services








Write a Customer Review







Request Now







BBB Scam Tracker



















MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.







































Markus MP, Inc. - Home





















 



























HomeAbout Markus MPMarketing & PR ProjectsServicesBlogContact Us












 

 







 

 Marketing and public relations training  for small business and non-profits  





 Training your team   

 Markus MP, Inc. will train your staff, board and volunteers in marketing communications. We'll work on your strategic plan and
develop an easy to follow step-by-step action plan. We'll show you how to write press releases, e-marketing campaigns, blogs, social media posts, web
content, marketing materials, press kits, and how to develop mailing lists. We provide scripts,
templates and checklists to make your plan simple to implement and monitor, and to help keep your activities on track.   



 Marketing, public relations and special event materials  

 Let Markus MP make YOUR ideas reality. We will partner with your staff and volunteers
to create marketing, public relations and social media campaigns that enhance your organization’s professional image and reputation. We will also create your marketing materials, invitation, sponsorship packet and program booklets for your special events.   



 Business writing  

 Markus MP, Inc. takes care of your business writing needs, helping you share your news and fundraising messages with your
customers, vendors and staff.  Ask us about business communications, proposals, marketing
brochures, newsletters, e-mail campaigns, annual reports, grant applications, internal memos, etc. We're also your friendly efficient assistant for
your back office support services. 
 
Check out our affordable pricing.  



 

 


 









Hello from Marilyn in South Florida, the face behind the MARKUS name!
Markus MP, Inc. gives me a way to share my marketing communications and public relations expertise with small businesses, non-profits and charitable organizations, here and around the world.
Partner with me to teach your team to fish!
 
Browse our menu of services and
all-in-one packages
for Fort Lauderdale, S. Florida and international organizations!
 
Ask for a quote on YOUR customized
marketing package



 

 


 

 







 

 Crisis communications  

 Unexpected situations or disasters happen, but you need to concentrate on keeping your operations running. Every organization needs a crisis communications plan to help keep your funders, customers, vendors, staff – and the media – informed. Contact Markus MP to develop your unique plan that provides step-by-step training for your staff and
volunteers.  

 

 







 



Follow Markus MP!

 
 
 



  

 Marilyn Deen
  

 "Working with Marilyn was always a joy because of her perfect attention to detail, reliability and you always knew projects would be
delivered on time." - E.G.  

   

 "She not only develops big ideas, but she also has
the skill set to deal with the smallest details." - C.M.  

   

  "She is an expert in her field. I like that she responds quickly if I have a question and gives recommendations." -
R.P.  

 







 

  "Marilyn was a constant professional. She took the time to understand my product and was quick to come up with a resolution. I will be using Marilyn and Markus MP for any copywriting
I will need in the future." - E.T.  

 


Subscribe to our mailing list  





  

 "M​arilyn is a pleasure to work with and very professional. She is a good communicator and I
highly recommend her." - D.B.  

 
Schedule Appointment   

 
Contact us!
 













                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 (c) Markus MP, Inc. 2014-2017 Created with 1&1 WebsiteBuilder
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page




























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































Products




























BBB Business Profile | Markus, Inc.

























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Carpenters
 > 
Markus, Inc. 














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Markus, Inc. 



Submit a Review

































Markus, Inc. 






            Business Information
        






(207) 985-3800

Markus, Inc. 
15 years in business

        PO Box 393
        Kennebunk, ME 04043-0393
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (207) 985-3800
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            mmarkusinc@maine.rr.com
                        

                            karenkmc@maine.rr.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 11/21/2007
            

                Business Started: 07/01/2002


                Business Incorporated: 07/24/2002 in ME





            Type of Entity
             
            S Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Mark Diebolt, Co-Owner
                

                    Ms. Karen Gosselin-Diebolt, Co-Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Carpenters
            




                            Contractors - General
                        

                            Construction & Remodeling Services
                        

                            NAICS: Finish Carpentry Contractors
                        

                            Furniture Designers & Custom Builders
                        

                            Woodworking
                        

                            Boat Dealers
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        Cabins

    




            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Branch Camp Cozy Cabins
                

                    Karen Markus Construction 
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                2
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


Markus, Inc. is a general contractor, builder, woodworker and carpenter that specializes in remodels and renovations, furniture builder, building repairs and furniture repairs.  The company also builds canoes and reproduces antique wooden boxes.
A new additional product line is a small weather tight 10' x 15' cabin, designed for remote locations that can be assembled in one weekend with minimal environmental impact.


Let's socialize:













 












Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Markus, Inc. 






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Markus, Inc. 
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






























 








