

Solutions























Solutions











 Log In 



Welcome




Menu





























Popular Links:


Download Center
Support Resources
Documentation
Design Software
Training Program


Design Examples
Reference Design
Intellectual Property
Knowledge Base
How-to Videos


Operating System Support
Software Licensing Support
Buy Products Online
Board Design Guideline
Contact Us




 
www_documentation_html
www_documentation








 Log In 





Please enter your user name and password to log in!





Remember me

By Logging in, you agree to our  Terms of Service


 Log In 



Forgot Username or Password?
Don't have an account? 





myAltera


myAltera Home
Logout











































All Products



















All Solutions






















All Support













All About
















All Buy













Solutions












 
 










Industry Solutions


Flexibility, time-to-market, cost effectiveness—these features are important when building products for most industries and applications. Whether you are designing consumer products, industrial or military applications, or equipment for everything from automotive to broadcast to wireless/wireline systems, Altera has a solution that meets your needs.



            Read more >>
        










Technology Solutions


Demanding applications require state-of-the-art technology, and Altera FPGAs rise to the challenge. With next-generation process technologies, support for functions such as digital signal processing (DSP), and interfaces to a variety of components and protocols, you can easily find an Altera device that meets your system requirements.


Heterogeneous Integration
Intelligent Vision & Video
IOT
External Memory
DSP



Transceiver
Next Generation Technology
Security
Machine Learning



 



            Read more>>
        










Partner Solutions


Today’s developers need easy-to-use, world-class solutions that can be integrated seamlessly into their designs. Altera works closely with industry-leading partners, and ensures that developers have access to the most comprehensive solutions available.


Design Solutions Network
COTS Board Partners
EDA Partners
End Market Partners


MathWorks Partnership
OpenCL Application Developers
SoC Partners
Training Partners


 



            Read more>>
        







Device Specific Offerings

RoHS Compliant 
Extended Temperature 
Enhanced Temperature 
Military Temperature

Development Kits and Cards

View all related Development Kits and Cards View












 











Partners























Partners











 Log In 



Welcome




Menu





























Popular Links:


Download Center
Support Resources
Documentation
Design Software
Training Program


Design Examples
Reference Design
Intellectual Property
Knowledge Base
How-to Videos


Operating System Support
Software Licensing Support
Buy Products Online
Board Design Guideline
Contact Us




 
www_documentation_html
www_documentation








 Log In 





Please enter your user name and password to log in!





Remember me

By Logging in, you agree to our  Terms of Service


 Log In 



Forgot Username or Password?
Don't have an account? 





myAltera


myAltera Home
Logout











































All Products



















All Solutions






















All Support













All About
















All Buy

























FPGA Partners
Accelerate your success by accessing a robust ecosystem of FPGA partners 
with solutions ranging from design services to board and IP







Intel® FPGA Partners








Design Solutions Network


The Design Solutions Network is a global ecosystem of independent qualified companies offering an extensive range of FPGA, embedded, system and Enpirion power design expertise; board, IP and EDA products; and training to customers to accelerate time to market and lower product development risk.  DSN members are an indispensable source to help you with anything from selecting the right IC devices for a new product design to multi-board system level design or IP integration.
Find Design Solution Members >>










COTS Board Partners


Intel® works closely with COTS board partners to assure that customers can easily deploy the latest validated intellectual property (IP) onto proven production boards to lower system design and schedule risk when implementing complex high-performance systems. We can help with board and mezzanine-card selection to meet specific needs, device-type requirements, and design-time constraints.
View COTS Board Partners >>










EDA Partners


Our EDA ecosystem  ensures that you have a complete design solution in designing, verifying, and integrating Intel® FPGAs into your systems. 
View more >>










Industrial Solutions Partners


The Intel® FPGA industrial partner ecosystem provides industrial solutions platforms such as ndustrial networking, machine vision, motor control, programmable logic controller, and smart energy.
View more >>










MathWorks Partnership


MathWorks delivers a suite of design tools aimed at providing seamless integration of system models developed in MATLAB and Simulink with Intel® FPGAs and SoCs.
View more >>










OpenCL Application Developers


To leverage the flexibility of FPGAs and the variety of customizable hardware architectures that can be implemented, we have introduced the concept of reference platforms. These platforms provide a better out-of-the-box experience for performing Open Computing Language (OpenCL™) evaluations, creating custom OpenCL applications, and creating custom boards with an FPGA accelerator on it.
View more >>










SoC Partners


Intel® and our ecosystem partners offer comprehensive operating system support and a broad range of embedded software components.
View Partner >>










Training Partners


Whether you’re looking for an intensive curriculum, or just to brush up on your skills, we offers training to help you sharpen your competitive edge. Take advantage of the interactivity of one of our instructor-led/virtual classroom courses, or the flexibility and convenience of an online course today.
Browse Courses >>
Browse Curricula >>
View Partners >>










 














Burst «  MoSys
























































Customer Portal
Log in
Register

































MSR630 Burst



Fast, Intelligent Data Access




                                Product Family: Bandwidth Engine 3


                                Part Number: MSR630


                                Package Size: 27x27mm BGA




















The MoSys MSR630 is a member of the Bandwith Engine 3 family with 1152 MB of 1T-SRAM memory and on-board access scheduling. The SerDes interface delivers full duplex, CRC protected data throughput and over file billion memory reads per second.
 










Features













1152Mb 1T-SRAM memory array memory array architecture

3.2 ns core cycle time


Low-latency SerDes technology

4, 8 or 16 series transceivers (TX/RX)
OIF CEI-11G-SR and CEI-28G-VSR compatible
Tuned for low-power transmission up to 20cm


Open GigaChip Interface delivers bandwidth, efficiency and reliability

Low latency protocol
Reliability with scrambling, CRC and error recovery mechanism


Intelligent Error Management and BitSafe Technology
High reliability-1T-SRAM soft error immunity
Advanced debugging and evaluation capabilities with MoSys IC Spotlight software




















Product Brief



                    Download product specifications and documentation.                



                        Download                    
















Request for Quote




                        Click Here                    













Related Articles










Serial Memories Fill a Need




            	October 13, 2015            

            	            	MemCon 2015            	            







Bandwidth Engine 3 Accelerates Scalable SDN Flow Rates and Awareness




            	October 6, 2015            

            	            	Linley Tech Processor Conference 2015            	            







SDN/NFV Algorithmic Search for Scalable Systems with Tb/s Throughput




            	June 10, 2015            

            	            	Linley Tech Carrier Conference 2015            	            







3rd-Generation Bandwidth Engine from MoSys needs sixteen 28Gbps lanes to strut its stuff




            	February 5, 2014            

Xcell Daily Blog by Steve Liebson, Xilinx








Intelligent Offload Supporting Data Center Equipment at 100G+




            	February 5, 2014            

Linley Tech Data Center Conference 2014






More Articles














































 



GSI Technology and MoSys, Inc. Announce Dual-Sourcing Product and Technology Partnership for High-Performance Networking and Communication ICs | Business Wire


























































GSI Technology and MoSys, Inc. Announce Dual-Sourcing Product and 
      Technology Partnership for High-Performance Networking and Communication 
      ICs






Partnership Includes Dual-Sourcing of Sigma Quad IVe SRAM and 
      Bandwidth Engine 2 and 3 Products










Download



Small


Preview


Thumbnail











???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???













Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














May 19, 2014 07:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SUNNYVALE, Calif. & SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GSI 
      Technology (GSI) (NASDAQ: GSIT), a leader in high-performance 
      synchronous SRAM and low-latency DRAM products for the network and 
      telecom markets, and MoSys 
      (NASDAQ: MOSY), a leader in semiconductor solutions that enable fast, 
      intelligent data access for network and communications systems, today 
      announced a dual-sourcing product and technology partnership. The 
      partnership includes alternate sourcing of the GSI SigmaQuad™ 
      IVe SRAM family and the MoSys® Bandwidth 
      Engine® 2 and 3 families of ICs. These uniquely architected, highly 
      innovative product families provide the highest access rate solutions 
      available for next generation networking equipment. Additionally, the 
      companies plan to leverage the partnership and respective technologies 
      to enable expanded roadmaps of dual-sourced high-performance memory and 
      intelligent offload products. The leading-edge technologies available 
      from MoSys and GSI enable higher capacity and performance, ensuring that 
      next-generation systems can meet growing user expectations for an ever 
      faster and more intelligent network.
    


      This partnership provides customers with two sources of supply and a 
      path to an expanded roadmap of high-performance parallel and serial 
      memory products, as well as packet processor offload products, from two 
      technology leaders.
    

      “With strong memory expertise, backed by a deep understanding of end 
      customer application requirements, and a commitment to technology 
      leadership and innovation, GSI makes an excellent partner to support our 
      Bandwidth Engine products and roadmap. We are excited to extend our 
      portfolio with the performance-leading SigmaQuad products,” stated Len 
      Perham, CEO for MoSys. “We believe that establishing a platform that 
      allows for alternative sourcing of our respective high-performance 
      solutions, complemented by an aggressive product roadmap leading to even 
      more innovative and architecturally advanced solutions, will prove 
      highly valuable to the market as well as to our mutual customers. We 
      look forward to an ongoing, mutually-beneficial and cooperative 
      relationship with GSI.”
    

      “MoSys has taken a leadership position in developing highly efficient 
      serial interface technology for use with its high-performance Bandwidth 
      Engine solutions, and we are excited to add these innovative products to 
      our memory product portfolio,” stated Lee-Lean 
      Shu, president and CEO for GSI Technology. “The combination of 
      technology innovation, expertise and proven execution of both GSI and 
      MoSys creates an excellent platform for providing the capacity and 
      performance required in our customers’ current generation of networking 
      equipment, and establishes exciting leading-edge roadmap opportunities 
      for next generation systems.”
    

      GSI’s SigmaQuad IVe family of high-performance synchronous SRAM 
      products, which includes both separate I/O quad data rate and common I/O 
      double data rate devices, offers a variety of performance and feature 
      options tailored to high-performance networking and telecom 
      applications. In particular, the combination of sub-1ns random cycle 
      time, sub-6ns read latency, and high transaction rate capability 
      available in the IVe quad data rate devices provides a level of 
      performance that is essential for read-modify-write applications, such 
      as counters and statistics, in today’s 100G and 400G networking systems.
    

      MoSys’ Bandwidth Engine ICs are designed to minimize interface pin count 
      and maximize access and effective transaction rate for buffering, 
      look-up and statistics operations in high-speed systems. The design 
      includes a highly efficient serial data interface and protocol combined 
      with large, integrated high-performance memory and offload macro 
      functions for statistics, metering and atomic operations. The 
      architecture maximizes transactions per second both internally and 
      externally to increase packet processing performance while expanding 
      system features. The Bandwidth Engine devices are designed, built and 
      qualified for high-reliability, carrier-grade applications.
    

About GSI Technology


      Founded in 1995, GSI Technology, Inc. is a leading provider of 
      high-performance SRAM and low-latency DRAM products primarily 
      incorporated in networking and telecommunications equipment. 
      Headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, GSI Technology is ISO 9001 
      certified and has worldwide factory and sales locations. For more 
      information, please visit www.gsitechnology.com.
    

GSI Forward-Looking Statements


      The statements contained in this press release that are not purely 
      historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 
      21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including 
      statements regarding expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies of 
      GSI Technology, Inc. regarding the anticipated benefits of the 
      dual-sourcing product and technology partnership with MoSys, Inc. All 
      forward-looking statements included in this press release are based upon 
      information available to GSI Technology as of the date hereof, and GSI 
      Technology does not assume any obligation to update any such 
      forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements involve a 
      variety of risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to 
      differ materially from those projected. These risks include those 
      associated with the rapidly evolving market for high speed memory 
      products, the ongoing emergence of new memory technologies and industry 
      standards, intense foreign and domestic competition and challenges faced 
      by GSI Technology in protecting its proprietary technology and 
      intellectual property. Further information regarding these and other 
      risks relating to the business of GSI Technology is contained in its 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including factors 
      discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in such filings.
    

About MoSys, Inc.


      MoSys, Inc. (NASDAQ: MOSY) is a fabless semiconductor company enabling 
      leading equipment manufacturers in the networking and communications 
      systems markets to address the continual increase in Internet users, 
      data and services. The company's solutions deliver data path 
      connectivity, speed and intelligence while eliminating data access 
      bottlenecks on line cards and systems scaling from 100G to 
      multi-terabits per second. Engineered and built for high-reliability 
      carrier and enterprise applications, MoSys' Bandwidth Engine® and 
      LineSpeed™ IC product families are based on the company's patented 
      high-performance, high-density intelligent access and high-speed serial 
      interface technology, and utilize the company's highly efficient 
      GigaChip™ Interface. MoSys is headquartered in Santa Clara, California. 
      More information is available at www.mosys.com.
    

MoSys Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release may contain "forward-looking statements" about MoSys, 
      including, without limitation, expected benefits of the Bandwidth Engine 
      ICs, expected benefits of the dual-sourcing product and technology 
      partnership with GSI Technology, product development of Bandwidth Engine 
      ICs, and anticipated benefits and performance results expected from the 
      use of MoSys' ICs. Forward-looking statements are based on certain 
      assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks 
      and uncertainties. Such statements are made in reliance upon the safe 
      harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 
      Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results and 
      trends may differ materially from historical results or those projected 
      in any such forward-looking statements depending on a variety of 
      factors. These factors include, but are not limited to MoSys’ ability to 
      enhance its existing proprietary technologies and develop new 
      technologies, achieving necessary acceptance and adoption of MoSys IC 
      architecture and interface protocols by potential customers and their 
      suppliers and difficulties and delays in the development, production, 
      testing and marketing of MoSys ICs and other risks identified in MoSys' 
      most recent reports on forms 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, as well as other reports that MoSys files from time 
      to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MoSys undertakes no 
      obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement for any 
      reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes 
      available or other events occur in the future.
    

GSI Technology, SigmaQuad and SigmaQuad IVe are trademarks of GSI 
      Technology, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Bandwidth 
      Engine and MoSys are registered trademarks of MoSys, Inc. in the US 
      and/or other countries. GigaChip, LineSpeed and the MoSys logo are 
      trademarks of MoSys, Inc. All other marks mentioned herein are the 
      property of their respective owners.





Contacts

GSI Technology Contacts:GSI TechnologyDouglas M. 
      Schirle, CFO, +1-408-331-9802orHayden IRDavid Fore or 
      Brett Maas, +1-206-395-2711orMoSys Contacts:MoSys, 
      Inc.Jim Sullivan, CFO, +1-408-418-7500jsullivan@mosys.comorShelton 
      Group, Investor RelationsBeverly Twing, Sr. Acct. Manager, 
      +1-214-272-0089btwing@sheltongroup.com


















Contacts

GSI Technology Contacts:GSI TechnologyDouglas M. 
      Schirle, CFO, +1-408-331-9802orHayden IRDavid Fore or 
      Brett Maas, +1-206-395-2711orMoSys Contacts:MoSys, 
      Inc.Jim Sullivan, CFO, +1-408-418-7500jsullivan@mosys.comorShelton 
      Group, Investor RelationsBeverly Twing, Sr. Acct. Manager, 
      +1-214-272-0089btwing@sheltongroup.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















MoSys - Wikipedia






















 






MoSys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with MOSIS.

MoSys, Inc.





Type

Public (NASDAQ: MOSY)


Industry
Fabless semiconductor company (IC)


Headquarters
Santa Clara, California United States



Key people

Len Perham - President, Chief Executive Officer


Products
Bandwidth Engine and LineSpeed integrated circuits for networking and communications equipment


Website
www.mosys.com


MoSys, Inc. is a publicly traded fabless semiconductor company based in Santa Clara, California that sells solutions for data path connectivity, speed and intelligence while eliminating data access bottlenecks on line cards and systems scaling from 100G to multi-terabits per second. Prior to 2012 it also sold high-performance embedded DRAM under IP cores under the "1T-SRAM" moniker as well high-speed SerDes cores and DDR interface IP. Customers for MoSys IP included a wide range of IDMs, foundries, and other fabless semiconductor companies. Applications included networking, consumer products, graphics systems, general computing, and storage systems.
As of December 2010, MoSys IP cores had shipped in over 370 million devices, including mobile consumer devices, home entertainment systems, graphics systems, networking, and data storage systems. The popular Nintendo GameCube and Wii game consoles used MoSys 1T-SRAM memory IP.
In 2011, MoSys expanded its business model to become a fabless semiconductor company with the 1st sampling of integrated circuits for the MoSys "Bandwidth Engine" product family.[1]
In 2012, MoSys discontinued its IP business in order to concentrate solely on its line of Bandwidth Engine ICs.[2]
In 2013, MoSys introduced its line of LineSpeed integrated circuits with its first offering, a 100G Gearbox.[3]
Legacy Products[edit]

1T-SRAM IP: a high-performance type of embedded DRAM.
SerDes and DDR IP: PHYs support a wide range of protocols at advanced process technologies.

Products[edit]

Bandwidth Engine family of integrated circuits: High-density serial memory devices which combine MoSys' patented 1T-SRAM high-density memory technology with its high-speed serial SerDes interface (I/O) technology.
LineSpeed family of integrated circuits: High-speed CMOS PHY signal integrity solutions designed to support data rates up to 28 Gbit/s for networking, communications, compute, data center and storage applications.

References[edit]



^ "MoSys Announces First Shipment and Sample Availability of its Bandwidth Engine IC". 
^ "MoSys, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Results". 
^ "MoSys Announces 100G Multi-Mode Gearbox PHY for Networking and Communications Line Cards and Modules". 








This article related to a computer company is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=MoSys&oldid=735481864"					
Categories: Computer companiesFabless semiconductor companiesCompanies established in 19911991 establishments in CaliforniaComputer company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 August 2016, at 01:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Bandwidth Engine® ICs «  MoSys






















































Customer Portal
Log in
Register

































MoSys® Bandwidth Engine® ICs



are serial interface intelligent memory solutions optimized for high-speed data transactions and operations



















Bandwidth Engine 3



Macro


                        Intelligent Offload                    


MSR830
27x27mm BGA





Burst


                        High-performance Buffering, Random Write-Read Access with Data Coherency                    


MSR630
27x27mm BGA





for EZchip NPS-400


                        Application Accelerator                    


MSRZ30
27x27mm BGA







Bandwidth Engine 2



Burst


                        High-performance Buffering                    


MSR622
19x19mm BGA





Macro


                        Intelligent Offload                    


MSR820
19x19mm BGA












Bandwidth Engine 3





Bandwidth Engine 2







Burst


                        High-performance Buffering, Random Write-Read Access with Data Coherency                    


MSR630
27x27mm BGA







Burst


                        High-performance Buffering                    


MSR622
19x19mm BGA









Macro


                        Intelligent Offload                    


MSR830
27x27mm BGA







Macro


                        Intelligent Offload                    


MSR820
19x19mm BGA









for EZchip NPS-400


                        Application Accelerator                    


MSRZ30
27x27mm BGA




















Bandwidth Engine® Architecture



Bandwidth Engine 3 (BE-3) and Bandwidth Engine 2 (BE-2) Architecture






                        Learn More                    













Bandwidth Engine Overview






MoSys Bandwidth Engine® Family of ICs is a memory solution optimized for transaction performance with serial interfaces. The new Bandwidth Engine 3 Devices accelerate EZchip NPS-400 and high performance FPGAs for Networking, Data Center and Security Applications.  These monolithic devices deliver extreme memory and offload performance without requiring exotic packaging with ultra-dense interconnect or complex cooling solutions associated with multi-chip modules. The underlying performance and features which are common between all part types of the 2nd generation and 3rd generation family are:
The device architecture relies on three elements:

High speed serial interface built on CEI standard SerDes and configurable to 16, 8 or 4 lanes depending on the performance required
Reliable, efficient, scalable, high performance and low latency GigaChip® Interface
Parallel memory array architecture supports concurrent operations, delivering the highest read transaction rate of any device in production
Bandwidth Engine 3 has a 1152Mb capacity with interface rates over 28Gbps in a 27x27mm BGA package
Bandwidth Engine 2 has a 576Mb capacity with interface rates up to 15.6Gbps in a 19x19mm BGA package
All devices have the performance and flexibility to support a range of unified memory applications within a single device













Application Accelerator





Bandwidth Engine 3



for EZchip NPS-400



MSRZ30
27x27mm BGA







The Bandwidth Engine 3 device for EZchip NPS-400 (MSRZ30) is an MSR830 with a GigaChip Interface that is optimized for the data structures and transfer requirements of the EZchip NPS-400 network processor. The addition of the MSRZ30 to the NPS-400 delivers a substantial improvement in memory bandwidth and transaction rate enabling the NPS-400 to increase the packet processing rate.
The NPS-400 can be configured with one or two MSRZ30 devices connected for maximum performance and capacity, or with one or two MSRZ30 that are shared between two NPS-400 to achieve different system level performance points.













Intelligent Offload





Bandwidth Engine 3



Macro



MSR830
27x27mm BGA







The Bandwidth Engine 3 - Macro device (MSR830) adds functionality to the MSR630 by providing the same base capabilities with Intelligent Offload Macros statistics and metering to increase performance and add features for next generation networking and communications equipment.
The MSR830 has several macro enhancements in addition to the macros in the MSR820.  The MSR830 supports thirty-two 100GE ports with real time metering and statistics.







Bandwidth Engine 2



Macro



MSR820
19x19mm BGA







The Bandwidth Engine 2 - Macro device (MSR820) can be used to accelerate industry standard Statistics counters and Meters. The MSR820 adds functionality to the MSR622 by providing the same base capabilities with added Intelligent Offload Macros.
MSR820 delivers offload capabilities for functions such as statistics and metering to increase performance and add features for networking and communications equipment. The MSR820 can support real time counters and meters for up to eight 100G ports.













Random Write-Read Access with Data Coherency





Bandwidth Engine 3



Burst



MSR630
27x27mm BGA







Burst device (MSR630) with onboard domain scheduling maintains write-read data coherency for all accesses similarly to the MSR720. The MSR720 will be lower latency than the MSR630.













High-performance Buffering





Bandwidth Engine 3



Burst



MSR630
27x27mm BGA







Burst device (MSR630) enables high rate lookup or high performance buffer capabilities with support for concurrent 400Gbps writes and 400Gbps reads resulting in up to 400Gbps Full Duplex effective data throughput.







Bandwidth Engine 2



Burst



MSR622
19x19mm BGA







The Bandwidth Engine 2 - Burst device (MSR622) enables high rate lookup or high performance buffer capabilities with support for concurrent 200Gbps writes and 200Gbps reads resulting in up to 200Gbps Full Duplex effective data throughput.











Product Features









 


Attribute
Bandwidth Engine Family


BE - 2
BE - 3




Transaction Rate
4.5 B
> 10 B


Throughput (full duplex)
200 Gbps
400 Gbps


Capacity
576 Mb
1125 Mb


Intelligent Offload Macros
Yes
Yes


Deterministic Random Access
Yes
Optional


On board scheduling
No
Yes





















































MoSys, Inc. Announces Plan to Exit Analog/Mixed-Signal Product







































































News»

EDA News

Embedded, IP & SoC News

Corp. Newsletters

Newsgroups

Submit News


Events»

EDA Events

Submit New Event

Purchase Webinar Listing


Editorials»

What Would Joe Do?

IP Showcase

Careers Corner

EDA Commentary

Archive


Tutorials»

EDA Tutorials

Submit New Tutorial


Jobs

IP»

Browse

Submit IP


Catalogs»

Vendors

Products

Submit


Videos»

EDA Videos

Submit New Video

Submit New YouTube Video


Downloads»

Tech. Papers

Articles

Presentations

More Categories

Submit New Download


Blogs

Forums

Books

Advertise»

EDA Media Kit

Banner Ad Specifications

eMail Blast Specifications

Inquire









Home
News
Events
Editorials
Tutorials
Jobs
IP
Catalogs
Videos
Downloads
Blogs
Forums
Books
Advertise







MoSys, Inc. Announces Plan to Exit Analog/Mixed-Signal Product Lines

  |  | Rate | Review | More IC News









Tweet













Rate This Article



 5 Stars 
 4 Stars 
 3 Stars 
 2 Stars 
 1 Star 














SUNNYVALE, Calif.—(BUSINESS WIRE)—December 10, 2008—

      MoSys, Inc., (NASDAQ: MOSY), a leading provider of high-density 
      system-on-chip (SoC) memory, today announced that it has initiated a 
      plan to exit its analog/mixed-signal product lines, which include the 
      mixed-signal chip designs acquired from Atmel Corporation in 2007. The 
      plan reflects the Company’s initiative to exit unprofitable and non-core 
      product lines, reduce losses from operations and focus on the 
      development and licensing of its memory technologies. The Company 
      expects to realize annualized cost savings of approximately $6.0 
      million. The board of directors has authorized management to pursue the 
      sale of all or part of the assets associated with these product lines 
      and this process is ongoing.
    
    
      Additionally, as a result of this action, the Company will eliminate 
      approximately 90 positions associated with the analog/mixed-signal 
      design teams located in China and Romania. The Company expects to 
      complete the headcount reductions and related activities by the end of 
      the first quarter of 2009.
    

      “Since my arrival at MoSys late in 2007, we have been conducting an 
      in-depth evaluation of our technology, products and the markets we serve 
      in order to accelerate the growth and expansion of our business. As a 
      result of this evaluation, we have determined that the time and 
      investment required to further support the analog/mixed-signal product 
      lines is not in the best interest of the Company or its stockholders, 
      especially when considering the current global economic environment,” 
      stated Len Perham, MoSys’ President and Chief Executive Officer. “In 
      particular, the continued deterioration of the economy has had a severe 
      effect on consumer spending. This has caused the Blu-Ray market to 
      decline considerably against projections and greatly reduced our 
      opportunities to penetrate the analog intellectual property market. 
      Today’s announcement and the anticipated reduction in operating expenses 
      will better position us to pursue additional growth opportunities in our 
      core embedded memory business and to drive improved financial 
      performance. We remain focused on leveraging our memory technology for 
      strategic product and technology development to address the design 
      challenges of our customers and foundry partners, as well as executing 
      on our sales initiatives to secure additional license agreements and 
      build our royalty streams.”
    

      The Company expects to record restructuring-related charges in the 
      fourth quarter of 2008 of up to $3.3 million. It expects to incur costs 
      of up to $1.5 million for severance benefits, lease obligations and 
      other related expenses that will be paid in 2009. The Company believes 
      non-cash asset impairment charges related to the exit will approximate 
      $1.8 million.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release may contain forward-looking statements about the 
      Company, including, without limitation, benefits and performance 
      expected from use of the Company's 1T-SRAM, 1T-FLASH and 
      analog/mixed-signal technologies, the Company's execution and results, 
      improving operational efficiencies, growth of the business and future 
      business prospects, the expected restructuring charges and costs and 
      cost savings, including the timing of such savings, related to the 
      product line exit plan.
    

      Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and 
      expectations of future events that are subject to risks and 
      uncertainties. Actual results and trends may differ materially from 
      historical results or those projected in any such forward-looking 
      statements depending on a variety of factors. These factors include, but 
      are not limited to, the risks, uncertainties and assumptions including 
      the timing and execution of plans and programs subject to local labor 
      law requirements, including consultation with appropriate works 
      councils; assumptions related to potential severance costs, as well as 
      other risks identified in the Company's most recent reports on forms 
      10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well 
      as other reports that MoSys files from time to time with the Securities 
      and Exchange Commission.
    

About MoSys, Inc.


      Founded in 1991, MoSys (NASDAQ: MOSY), develops, markets and licenses 
      innovative embedded memory intellectual property (IP) technologies for 
      advanced SoCs used in a variety of home entertainment, mobile consumer, 
      networking and storage applications. MoSys' patented 1T-SRAM and 
      1T-FLASH technologies offer a combination of high density, low power 
      consumption, high speed and low cost unmatched by other available memory 
      technologies. MoSys' embedded memory IP has been included in more than 
      160 million devices demonstrating silicon-proven manufacturability in a 
      wide range of processes and applications. MoSys is headquartered at 755 
      N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94085. More information is 
      available on MoSys' website at 
http://www.mosys.com.
    

MoSys and 1T-SRAM are registered trademarks of MoSys, Inc. 
      1T-FLASH(TM) is a trademark of MoSys, Inc





Contact:

      MoSys, Inc.

Jim Sullivan, CFO, 408-731-1800


Email Contact
or

Shelton 
      Group, Investor Relations

Beverly Twing, Sr. Acct. Manager, 
      972-239-5119 ext. 126


Email Contact







 Be the first to review this article











Related News
Key ASIC and MoSys Collaborate to Bring Unique Embedded Memory Solution to the High Resolution Portable LCD Driver Market
MoSys, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2008 Financial Results (Revenue up 27%)
MoSys (R) 1T-SRAM(R) Embedded Memory Technology Meets TSMC 90 Nanometer eDRAM Process Standards
MoSys, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2008 Financial Results

More News 


Featured Video










Brian Gardner, VP of Business Development
True Circuits












Martin Hall, Semiconductor Industry Solutions Director
Dassault Systemes America












Dr. Kazutoshi (Jack) Wakabayashi, Senior Research Scientist
NEC












Chouki Aktouf, CEO
Defacto Tech












David Hiatt, Director of Product Marketing
WekaIO












McKenzie Ross, Marketing Communications Manager
OneSpin Solutions












Adnan Hamid, CEO
Breker Verification












Steve Mensor, VP of Marketing
Achronix












Steve Schulz, President/CEO
Modulus Media Systems












Ellis Smith, CEO
Blue Pearl Software






 Submit | More Videos 


Sponsored Videos








Cristian Amitroaie, CEO
AMIQ













Ramsay Allen, Marketing Manager
Moortec













Sharon Cohen, President, Orbotech West
Orbotech





 Submit | More Videos 



Corporate Newsletters




ESD Alliance MSS Newsletter for Q4, 2016
More Newsletters 





Editorial



What Would Joe Do?by Peggy AycinenaFunctional Safety: ISO, IEC, my Dishwasher, your Car






IP Showcaseby Peggy AycinenaAustemper & Functional Safety: The Alchemy of Modifying Design




More Editorial  


Jobs


Senior R&D Engineer...Timing Closure Specialist for EDA Careers at San Jose or Anywhere, CA


Senior Methodology Automation Engineer for EDA Careers at San Jose, CA


Senior Front-End RTL Design AE for EDA Careers at San Jose, CA


DDR 3-4-5 Developer with VIP for EDA Careers at San Jose, CA

Submit Resume | 
Post Jobs | 
More Jobs 


Upcoming Events
11th International Conference on Verification and Evaluation of Computer and Communication Systems at 1455 DeMaisonneuve W. EV05.139 Montreal Quebec Canada - Aug 24 - 25, 2017
25th International Symposium on High Performance Interconnects (HotI 2017) at Ericsson                          Santa Clara CA - Aug 28 - 30, 2017
The Rise of Mechatronics at Dassault Systèmes San Diego 5005 Wateridge Vista Drive San Diego CA - Sep 12, 2017
The Rise of Mechatronics at Buca di Beppo - Pasadena 80 West Green Street Pasadena CA - Sep 13, 2017

Submit | More Events 































































  



	© 2017 Internet Business Systems, Inc.
	595 Millich Dr., Suite 216, Campbell, CA 95008
	+1 (408)-337-6870 — Contact Us, or visit our other sites:








 
Privacy Policy
















MoSys, Inc. Announces Plan to Exit Analog/Mixed-Signal Product Lines






























≡ Menu
Design And Reuse


Login

|

Subscribe








Company

|

design-reuse.cn

|

dr-embedded.com

|

D&R Products

|



  English
 Chinese




Login

|

Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert





Design And Reuse






Search IP


Categories


Silicon IP
Analog & Mixed Signal
Storage Controller & PHY
Graphic & Peripheral
Interface Controller & PHY
Processors & Microcontrollers
Memory & Logic Library
Security
Multimedia
Wireline Communication
Wireless Communication

Silicon IP Vendors





 



Verification IP


Search / Browse


Verification IP Vendors


Software IP


Search / Browse


Software IP Vendors


 


 


Additional Services


Wanted IPs


IP Analytics





	
						Featured Products


RISC-V processor Bandgap reference (0.7 V output, optimized for SOC integration, UMC 180 nm) DDR4 Memory Controller SATA 6G PHY, TSMC40G, LP, x1, x2





News


Categories



IP/SoC Products 


Embedded Systems 


Foundries


FPGA 


Fabless / IDM 


Deals


Legal


Business


Financial Results


People


Commentary / Analysis


20 Most Popular News





					
						Latest News


Avery Design Systems Announces NVMe 1.3 and NVMe-MI Verification IP UpdatesThursday Aug. 03, 2017 Epostar Chooses PLDA's PCIe Controller for their Next-Generation NVMe-based SSD ControllerWednesday Aug. 02, 2017 Vidatronic Contributes Expertise to AMD's Latest High-Performance ProcessorsWednesday Aug. 02, 2017





Industry Articles


Categories



IP/SoC Products 


Embedded Systems 


Foundries


FPGA 


Business


20 Most Popular Articles





					
						Featured Articles


Improving Battery-Powered Device Operation Time Thanks To Power Efficient Sleep ModeThursday Jul. 20, 2017 Generating High Speed CSI2 Video by an FPGAMonday Jul. 17, 2017 How to Reduce FPGA Logic Cell Usage by >x5 for Floating-Point FFTsMonday Jul. 10, 2017





Blogs


					
						Industry Expert Blogs


HBM2 continues to rampRambus Blog -  Is Designing Your Chip Architecture Like Driving a Car with No Pedals?Sonics, The Official Blog - Randy Smith, Sonics AI ASICs Exposed!SemiWiki - Daniel Nenni





Videos


Slides


Events


IP-SOC Days 2017
IP-SOC 2016 
Archives



IP-SOC 2016 


IP-SOC 2015 


IP-SOC 2014 


IP-SOC 2013 


IP-SOC 2012 


IP-SOC 2011 


IP-SOC 2010 












Choose a filter 

Full Site Search
Silicon IP
Verification IP
Software IP
News
Industry Articles















MoSys, Inc. Announces Plan to Exit Analog/Mixed-Signal Product Lines


Annualized Cost Savings Expected to Approximate $6.0 MillionSUNNYVALE, Calif.--Dec. 10, 2008--MoSys, Inc., (NASDAQ: MOSY), a leading provider of high-density system-on-chip (SoC) memory, today announced that it has initiated a plan to exit its analog/mixed-signal product lines, which include the mixed-signal chip designs acquired from Atmel Corporation in 2007. The plan reflects the Company's initiative to exit unprofitable and non-core product lines, reduce losses from operations and focus on the development and licensing of its memory technologies. The Company expects to realize annualized cost savings of approximately $6.0 million. The board of directors has authorized management to pursue the sale of all or part of the assets associated with these product lines and this process is ongoing. Additionally, as a result of this action, the Company will eliminate approximately 90 positions associated with the analog/mixed-signal design teams located in China and Romania. The Company expects to complete the headcount reductions and related activities by the end of the first quarter of 2009. "Since my arrival at MoSys late in 2007, we have been conducting an in-depth evaluation of our technology, products and the markets we serve in order to accelerate the growth and expansion of our business. As a result of this evaluation, we have determined that the time and investment required to further support the analog/mixed-signal product lines is not in the best interest of the Company or its stockholders, especially when considering the current global economic environment," stated Len Perham, MoSys' President and Chief Executive Officer. "In particular, the continued deterioration of the economy has had a severe effect on consumer spending. This has caused the Blu-Ray market to decline considerably against projections and greatly reduced our opportunities to penetrate the analog intellectual property market. Today's announcement and the anticipated reduction in operating expenses will better position us to pursue additional growth opportunities in our core embedded memory business and to drive improved financial performance. We remain focused on leveraging our memory technology for strategic product and technology development to address the design challenges of our customers and foundry partners, as well as executing on our sales initiatives to secure additional license agreements and build our royalty streams." The Company expects to record restructuring-related charges in the fourth quarter of 2008 of up to $3.3 million. It expects to incur costs of up to $1.5 million for severance benefits, lease obligations and other related expenses that will be paid in 2009. The Company believes non-cash asset impairment charges related to the exit will approximate $1.8 million.About MoSys, Inc. Founded in 1991, MoSys (NASDAQ: MOSY), develops, markets and licenses innovative embedded memory intellectual property (IP) technologies for advanced SoCs used in a variety of home entertainment, mobile consumer, networking and storage applications. MoSys' patented 1T-SRAM and 1T-FLASH technologies offer a combination of high density, low power consumption, high speed and low cost unmatched by other available memory technologies. MoSys' embedded memory IP has been included in more than 160 million devices demonstrating silicon-proven manufacturability in a wide range of processes and applications. MoSys is headquartered at 755 N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94085. More information is available on MoSys' website at http://www.mosys.com. 

 












   
			


			Contact MoSys, Inc.			





		Fill out this form for contacting a  MoSys, Inc.  representative.



Your Name:

Your E-mail
			address:

Your Company
			address:

Your Phone Number:

Write your message:






   
			





























Search Silicon IP

16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors





 


Related News




Silicon Creations Selects Mentor Graphics Software for High-Performance Analog and Mixed-Signal IP Verification

Analog Bits Announces Mixed Signal Design Kits for 7nm at TSMC Technology Symposium

Intento Enters EDA Market with Software that Accelerates Analog and Mixed-Signal Design, Enables IP Re-Use Through Technology Migration  

Synopsys Delivers Unified Analog and Mixed-Signal Debug with Verdi Advanced AMS Debug Solution

Kandou Uses Cadence Analog/Mixed-Signal Timing and Power Signoff Tools to Deliver High-Speed SerDes PHY IP Design on 28nm Process


 

See MoSys, Inc. Latest News >>



Breaking News




GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Silicon Mobility Deliver the Industry's First Automotive FPCU to Boost Performance for Hybrid and Electric Vehicles


CEVA, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Global Unichip Achieves SGS-TUV ISO26262 Certification


Significant Mid-Year Revision to 2017 IC Market Forecast


Avery Design Systems Announces NVMe 1.3 and NVMe-MI Verification IP Updates



 

See Latest News >>



Most Popular 




				INVECAS Acquires Lattice's HDMI Design Team and Simplay Labs Subsidiary				

				Sankalp Semiconductor to hire 300 engineers				

				Vidatronic Contributes Expertise to AMD's Latest High-Performance Processors				

				Moortec Semiconductor announces new sales representatives in Japan				

				Epostar Chooses PLDA's PCIe Controller for their Next-Generation NVMe-based SSD Controller				


 

See the Top 20 >>







E-mail This Article








Printer-Friendly Page









 
 
 










EETimes
© 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved.
No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse.



Partner with us

	Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information.
	

Partner with us



List your Products
Suppliers, list
	your IPs for free.

List your Products



Design-Reuse.com

Contact Us
About us
D&R Partner Program
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy









MoSys Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















mosys inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Semiconductors
Sub-Industry: Semiconductor Devices
MoSys, Inc. designs, develops, licenses, and markets memory technologies used by the semiconductor industry and electronic product manufacturers.  The Company's 1T-SRAM embedded-memory technology offers a combination of high density, low power consumption and high speed.




Corporate Information
Address:

3301 Olcott Street
Santa Clara, CA 95054
United States


Phone:
1-408-418-7500


Fax:
1-408-418-7501


Web url:
www.mosys.com





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Leonard Perham
Mosys Inc








Board Members
Company




Stephen Domenik
Sevin Rosen Funds




























From The Web












Press Releases




MoSys, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

Jul 17, 2017



MoSys Announces Pricing of $2.25 Million Financing

Jun 30, 2017



MoSys, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May 11, 2017



MoSys Announces Revised Operating Plan

Apr 12, 2017



MoSys, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results

Mar 29, 2017



MoSys to Showcase Algorithmic TCAM Solution, P4 Programmable Search Support, and 25G and 100G PHY Family at OFC 2017

Mar 21, 2017



MoSys Regains Compliance with NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price Listing Requirement

Mar 07, 2017



MoSys Announces 1-for-10 Reverse Stock Split

Feb 14, 2017






Key Executives


Leonard C Perham "Len"


President/CEO




James W Sullivan


VP:Finance/CFO




John Monson


VP:Marketing & Sales




Michael Miller


VP:Technology Innovation







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































