SwitchCore Gigabit Ethernet Products Head to Japan with PALTEKSwitchCore Gigabit Ethernet Products Head to Japan with PALTEK11/18/2003 - SwitchCore has signed a sales and representative agreement with one of Japan's leading component distributors for enterprise network products, PALTEK Corporation. Through this partnership SwitchCore expands its presence in Japan and improves the possibility of penetrating the Japanese market further. PALTEK will supplement its product portfolio with SwitchCore's product range of Gigabit Ethernet products to deal with the growing demand for advanced components for enterprise and broadband access network equipment. PALTEK has operated on the market for over 20 years and has extensive component and software experience with enterprise network products.
 
"We view our partnership with PALTEK as a strategic element in our continued efforts to expand in Asia, reach new markets and subsequently secure market shares. In associating PALTEK with our sales organization, SwitchCore can reach local customers quicker since PALTEK already has many customers that manufacture enterprise network equipment in Japan," says Henric Isacsson, SwitchCore's CEO.
About SwitchCore
SwitchCore AB develops, markets and sells integrated network devices for data and internet communication. The core of SwitchCore's expertise is in its CXE technology, which allows for significantly higher data and internet switch capacity. Using SwitchCore's components, customers can cut manufacturing costs for the completed product and time-to-market. Customers and partners are network equipment manufacturers and suppliers, including Intel, Asanté Technologies, Allied Telesyn and Huawei. The SwitchCore Group presently has over 75 employees and the company's headquarters is in Lund, Sweden. The Company also has offices in Stockholm, San Jose, Ca, Boston, Ma, in the US, and Singapore in Asia. The Company is listed on Stockholmsbörsen's O list under the SCOR ticker. For more information see http://www.switchcore.com/
About PALTEK Corporation
Since its foundation in 1982, PALTEK Corporation has been providing silicon and software solutions to Japanese data communication equipment manufacturers. In particular PALTEK is very strong in providing solutions with Programmable Logic Devices (PDLs). The company has been listed on JASDAQ since 1988. The Company's business concept is to continuously making efforts to contribute to the development of the Network industry by providing the best available software and hardware solutions. For more information see http://www.paltek.co.jp/Previous Page | News by Category | News SearchIf you found this page useful, bookmark and share it on:





List of Listed Companies: PALTEK CORPORATION｜The IRTV Network provides investors IR information via streaming video.
















Top
List of Listed Companies

What is "IRTV Network" ?
News




E-Newsletters
For IR Personnel
For Investors
Contact
Japanese





IRTV Network Top > List of Listed Companies > PALTEK CORPORATION





PALTEK CORPORATIONTSE 2nd: 7587




In order to contribute to the advancement of our clients, PALTEK is in constant pursuit of optimal solutions discovered by diverse cultures of the world.






> Move to Japanese







Company Name
PALTEK CORPORATION


Headquarters
Shin-Yokohama Square BLDG. 2-3-12 Shin-Yokohama Kouhoku-kuYokohama, Japan 222-003


Capital
JPY1,339 million (as of December 31, 2016)


Date of Establishment
October 14, 1982


Representative
Naohide Yabuki


Main Business
・Semiconductor Business : Sales and marketing of semiconductors, electronic components, and software
                    ・Design Service Business : Design service, ODM/EMS/OEM, and sales of original products
                    ・Smart Energy Solution Business : Provision of power outage and antidisaster measures systems for hospitals and nurcing care facilities
                    
                    


Number of Branches
6 (as of December 31, 2016)


Total Employees
Consolidated: 239
				Non-consolidated: 200
				(as of December 31, 2016)










< FY2008 >

FY12/08 Summary of Financial Statements (PDF/344KB)
FY12/08 Q2 Summary of Financial Statements (PDF/352KB)


< FY2009 >

FY12/09 Financial Results (PDF/544KB)
FY12/09 Q3 Financial Results (PDF/333KB)
FY12/09 Q2 Financial Results (PDF/548KB)
FY12/09 Q1 Financial Results(PDF/395KB)

< FY2008 >

FY12/08 Financial Results (PDF/349KB)
FY12/08  Q3 Financial Results (PDF/338KB)
FY12/08  Q2 Financial Results (PDF/753KB)
FY12/08  Q1 Financial Results (PDF/144KB)




Trias Corporation prepares Company Memos as summaries of corporate Information Meetings held by the posting Company.
 
< FY12/16 >

FY12/16 Summary of Financial Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/792KB)
Q3 FY12/16 Summary of Financial Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/650KB)

< FY12/15 >

FY12/15 Summary of Financial Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/258KB)
1H FY12/15 Summary of Financial Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/333KB)

< FY12/14 >

FY12/14 Summaries of Financial Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/395KB)
3Q FY12/14 “Inter BEE 2014” Visit Briefing and Summary of Financial Results (PDF/775KB)
1H FY12/14 Summaries of Business Results and Follow-up Interview (PDF/563KB)

< FY12/13 >

Q3 FY12/13 Summaries of Business Results  and Information Meeting on 4K-Technology (PDF/791KB)
Q1 FY12/13 Summaries of Business Results  and Follow-up Interview (PDF/577KB)

< FY12/12 >

Q3 FY12/12 Summaries of Business Results  and Follow-up Interview (PDF/553KB)

< FY12/11 >

FY12/11 Summaries of Business Results Meeting and Follow-up Meeting (PDF/329KB)
Briefing on Smart Grid Initiative(PDF/254KB)
Q2 FY12/11 Summaries of Business Results Meeting and Follow-up Meeting (PDF/310KB)

< FY12/10 >

FY12/10 Summary of Business Results Meeting and Follow-up Meeting (PDF/193KB)
FY12/10 Q2 Summaries of Business Results Meeting and Follow-up Meeting (PDF/114KB)

< FY12/09 >

FY12/09 Follow-Up Company Visit Summary (PDF/195KB)
FY12/09 Summary of Business Results Meeting (PDF/84KB)
FY12/09 Q2 Follow -Up Company Visit Summary (PDF/95KB)
FY12/09 Q1 Summary of Business Results Meeting (PDF/119KB)












PALTEK CORPORATION  (Corporate Site)


















Corporate Information

When was the Company founded?
PALTEK was founded in Yokohama City in October 1982 as an electronic components vendor.

The Company's Vision and Business Strategy

What is underlying corporate philosophy of PALTEK?
PALTEK is committed to the creation of cooperative growth relationships with diverse partners—a corporate philosophy drawn from founder and Chairman Tadahito Takahashi, who was born and raised in Yakushima Island, whose rich, verdant ecosystem struck a wondrous balance between diversity and harmony despite the island's natural environmental severity. Similarly, PALTEK provides value-added products and services for our customers to be successful in a highly competitive global electronics market.


What are PALTEK's major lines of business?
Since its founding, PALTEK has provided semiconductors and design/development support services to electronics manufacturers, and today, we deploy three lines of business: Semiconductor, Design Service and Smart Energy Solution. In our Semiconductor Business, we mainly distribute FPGAs, special semiconductors with circuit designs that can be configured by users, as well as analog semiconductors, processors and memories. In addition to distributing semiconductors, PALTEK supports clients’ product development through its Design Service Business by actively taking on design and development on consignment. This is against the backdrop of product development becoming increasingly difficult due to shorter product lifecycles and diversifying functions of electronics equipment.
The Smart Energy Solution Business is a new field that we are undertaking. We provide hospitals and nursing care facilities with countermeasure systems for power outages. The myth that electric power is infallible was debunked during the aftermath of the Great East Japan Earthquake. Medical care is carried out on the premise of stable electric power supply, so if the electric power goes out, medical care will be interrupted. By providing countermeasure systems for power outages, we will contribute to creating a sustainable society in terms of energy supply. 


What differentiates PALTEK from its competitors?
Superior engineering support and system proposing are our core strength. Our highly skilled and experienced engineers account for 30% of all employees provide clients quality technical support at situations of semiconductor sales meeting their needs. PALTEK also expands its business in consignment design development and manufacturing from our clients. We particularly adept in image processing technology and have a lot of design consignment experiences for industrial equipments such as medical devices, broadcast equipments and surveillance cameras. 


Which area does PALTEK focus on hereafter?
PALTEK is planning to reinforce our Design Service Business. First, ODM (Original Design Manufacturing) which includes not only just design development but also manufacturing needs of our clients will be in the schope of strengthening. Currently, the image processing board for medical devices and the Codec Device for surveillance camera are centering this business, but we will expand the range of reinforcing fields for ODM. Moreover, we will develop in-house products based on our surperior technologies fostered through consignment of design development. We develop the cutting-edge video compressing technology H.265/HEVC compatible Codec Device and Image CUBE which is a development platform for 8K/4K video image device. Additionally, we will newly develop solution business based on in-house products. PALTEK Group will promote providing video solution based on our superior image processing technology.


Stock Information

What are PALTEK's policies on shareholder returns?
We expect to return our shareholders with the dividends and shareholder incentives. Regarding the dividends, while maintaining the stable dividend in conventional manner, we will declare the amount of dividend taking into consideration the payout ratio against the financial results. As for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017, we plan to pay JPY13 per share. Regarding the shareholder incentives, we present QUO Cards (pre-paid card) to all our shareholders with more than 100 shares on the shareholder list as of December 31 every year. The amount of QUO Card is as below;

 [Shareholders who hold shares less than 3 years continuously]
 100 to less than 500 shares: JPY500 of QUO Card
500 to less than 1,000 shares: JPY1,000 of QUO Card
1,000 shares and above: JPY2,000 of QUO Card

[Shareholders who hold shares 3 years and above continuously]
100 to less than 500 shares: JPY1,000 of QUO Card
500 to less than 1,000 shares: JPY2,000 of QUO Card
1,000 shares and above: JPY3,000 of QUO Card






What are your thoughts on the company now?Please share your insights and opinions. 






Age :




Sex :

Male
Female 


Residence :


Japan
Asia/China
Europe
North America
South America
Africa
 


Years as investor :



Impressions :


I understand the Company's vision.


I understand the Company's business environment.


I understand the Company's business strategy.


I understand the Company's business model.














Last Update:  April 10, 2017
To the top of page






About this Website
Privacy Policy
Contact
Sitemap


 Copyright 2017 IRTV Network. All rights reserved.






 





Knowles

































Cookie Policy:

This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.

Read more


This notice is intended to appear only the first time you visit the site on any computer.


Skip to Main Content




facebook2



twitter



sina-weibo






youtube



linkedin



mic






microchip



















cogs






phone






plane



tape-measure


















arrow




battery













talk4





wind






wirelessearbud

















Menu





Toggle Search



Search

Search





English

English
日本语
简体中文
繁体中文
한국어






The following navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. Left and right arrows move through main tier links and expand / close menus in sub tiers. Up and Down arrows will open main tier menus and toggle through sub tier links. Enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. Tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.







  




THE WORLD'S FIRST "ALWAYS LISTENING" SMART MICROPHONE


LEARN MORE












WE LISTEN TO YOUR NEEDS

We collaborate with the audiology community to deliver groundbreaking technology.
LEARN MORE












BALANCED ARMATURE FOR EARPHONES & HEARABLES

Featuring partners delivering premium sound with Knowles’ technology
Learn more








 





AUDIO


Microphones >
Audio and voice processors >
Software >
Hearing health >Premium audio >









PRECISION DEVICES



Oscillators and SAW filters >Capacitors >








NEWS AND INFORMATION 







2016 Annual Report

Download the annual report 








Investor information 








Press releases 








Complete audio solutions 








Versant™ advanced voice technology 




FOLLOW US:
































































PALTEK CORPORATION | Inter BEE Online








































































Inter BEE 2017
History
Archive
List of partners
				
Sponsor/Partners
Global Partners
Media Partners






Features of Show
Exhibitor Categories
				
Professional Audio Equipment
Video Expression/Professional Lighting
Video Production/Broadcast Equipment
ICT/Cross Media


Exhibiting Regulations
				
Booth Standards and Fees
Exhibition Categories
How to Apply
Exhibit Details/Prohibitions


Support & Services
				
Effective Exhibition
Conference Sponsor
Suite Room
Promotion


Schedule
Previous Results

Exhibitor's Profile
Visitor's Profile


INTER BEE CONNECTED
INTER BEE EXPERIENCE
				
SR Speaker Demo
Headphone / Microphone


INTER BEE IGNITION
INTER BEE CREATIVE
Exhibitors Login





Exhibitor Search / Product Search

Exhibitor Event





Online Magazine

Creation
Management
Delivery
Special






Information
Industry News
Press Release
Press Coverage Guide




Download

REVIEW（Download）






Access & Lodging
				
Venue
How to get there
Accommodation
Sightseeings











Home  >  For Visitors  >  Exhibitor Search / Product Search








PALTEK CORPORATION

Address of Headquarters222-0033 2-3-12 Shin-Yokohama Kohoku-ku Yokohama 222-0033 Japan 
URLhttp://www.paltek.co.jp/en/index.htm
Category

ICT/Cross Media

Product Categories Planned for Exhibition










Exhibitor Info
Highlights of the Booth
Product Names
Event Information
Contact
Related Web Site










Tweet 

















For Visitors


Exhibitor Search /Product Search

Exhibitor Event






About Inter BEE

Inter BEE 2017
History
Archive

            List of partners
            
Sponsor/Partners
Global Partners
Media Partners





For Exhibitors

Features of Show

            Exhibitor Categories
            
Professional Audio Equipment
Video Expression/Professional Lighting
Video Production/Broadcast Equipment
ICT/Cross Media



            Exhibiting Regulations
            
Booth Standards and Fees
Exhibition Categories
How to Apply
Exhibit Details/Prohibitions



            Support & Services
            
Effective Exhibition
Conference Sponsor
Suite Room
Promotion


Schedule

Previous Results

Exhibitor's Profile
Visitor's Profile


INTER BEE CONNECTED
INTER BEE EXPERIENCE
            
SR Speaker Demo
Headphone / Microphone


INTER BEE IGNITION
INTER BEE CREATIVE



For Visitors

Exhibitor Search / Product Search

Exhibitor Event


Magazine


Online Magazine

Creation
Management
Delivery
Special





News Room

Information
Industry News
Press Release
Press Coverage Guide

Download


Download

REVIEW



Access & Lodging


            Access & Lodging
            
Venue
How to get there
Accommodation
Sightseeings



Terms of Service
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Contact
Exhibitors Login



All Rights Reserved By Japan Electronics Show Association
















Paltek Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:07 PM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of Paltek Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Paltek Corporation engages in the sale of semiconductors and related product in Japan. The company sells field programmable gate array products, which are programmable logic devices; and micro electro mechanical systems. It also offers original design manufacturing services to customers in the field of hardware and software, as well as medical field. In addition, the company provides LP gas-powered electricity generating systems, storage batteries, etc. to clinics and hospitals, such as obstetrics and gynecology clinics, as well as for nursing homes; and the Bosai Oasis systems. Paltek Corporation was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Yokohama, Japan.


Shin-Yokohama Square Building6th Floor2-3-12 Shin-YokohamaKouhoku-kuYokohama,  222-0033JapanFounded in 1982238 Employees



Phone: 81 45 477 2000

Fax: 81 45 477 2012

www.paltek.co.jp







Key Executives for Paltek Corporation


Paltek Corporation does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Paltek Corporation Key Developments

Paltek Corporation to Report Q2, 2017 Results on Aug 03, 2017
Jun 7 17
Paltek Corporation announced that they will report Q2, 2017 results on Aug 03, 2017


Paltek Corporation to Report Q1, 2017 Results on May 09, 2017
Apr 12 17
Paltek Corporation announced that they will report Q1, 2017 results on May 09, 2017


Paltek Corporation, Annual General Meeting, Mar 25, 2017
Feb 24 17
Paltek Corporation, Annual General Meeting, Mar 25, 2017, at 13:00 Tokyo Standard Time. Location: Fuyonoma, 2nd floor of Shin-Yokohama Fuji View Hotel 2-3-1 Shin-Yokohama, Kohoku-ku, Yokohama Kanagawa Japan Agenda: To consider and approve the business report and the consolidated financial statements for the company's 35 business term from January 1 to December 31, 2016 in addition to audit reports on the consolidated financial statements by accounting auditors and by the audit &supervisory board of Paltek Corporation; to consider the financial statements for the company's 35th business term from January 1 to December 31, 2016; to consider the appropriation of surplus for the 35th business term; and to consider the election of eight directors.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3D MEDiA Co., Ltd. Asia 4DSensor Inc. Asia AbelNet Co., Ltd. Asia Abit Holdings Co., Ltd. Asia ACN,Inc. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Paltek Corporation, please visit www.paltek.co.jp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























PALTEK Corp PPTKF Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Nanotechnology  > PALTEK Corp   Plunkett Research Online: PALTEK Corp    PALTEK CORP (PPTKF) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOT..... PALTEK CORP  Ticker: PPTKFExchange: GREYParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 81454772000Fax: +81 454772012Address: 1-14-33 Esaka-choYokohama,   Japan MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription  .....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
