





Product Warranty - TEAMGROUP






























































Index




twitter
facebook
youtube
where to buy







Event
Team Group
Product

T-Force Gaming

Memory Modules

Memory Cards

USB Drives

SSD Series

Mobile Accessories

Industrial System



Service
News
Dealer

 中文













DEALER LOGIN



Account



Password




Remeber Account


















Customers love hello
This is a random web questionnaire which is  for internal usages and complying with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Act. Please take a moment to fill it out. Thank you very much for your participation.

Next time
Fill it out right now





Close this tip box and never show again.










Home
 Service
 Product Warranty






Service














Product Warranty


After purchasing a Team Group product, if the following problems arose and require maintenance, Team Group recommends consumers to follow the steps listed below in order to obviate any usage problems.
Team Group Warranty
Team Group Inc. guarantees that all manufacturing processes are rigorously checked, 100% comprehensively tested and the specifications comply with what’s stated.
If a Team Group product, within the warranty period and under normal use conditions, malfunctions due to deficient manufacturing process or raw materials, Team Group Inc. will provide full maintenance or exchange service.






 
01
Limitation Clause


The applicability of this warranty does not include product damage caused by unnatural external causes, and Team Group is not responsible for any data saved in storage products. If any of the following situations occur, then the product is not covered by Team Group’s warranty:

Damage caused by accidents, vandalism, misuse, unauthorized disassembly, natural disasters or power problems.
This product must be used with other compatible computer equipment; if damage is caused due to other manufacturer’s accessories, warranty obligations will not be upheld.
Products purchased through distribution channels unauthorized by Team Group.
Product maintained or disassembled by unauthorized technical personnel.
Warranty label, product serial number or tamper label is modified, damaged or unclear.
The warranty period starts from the day of purchase.





 
02
Limited liability


For any inevitable, indirect or secondary losses caused to the product purchaser or other third party due to product flaw, such as loss of income, business investment losses, and loss of goodwill or obstacles to business relationships, etc., Team Group has no obligation for compensation, and will not be obligated to compensate for damage or malfunction of other equipment caused by the product itself.




 
03
Warranty Applicability

Team Group’s warranty only applies to consumers who have purchased our company’s products through legal sales channels.



 
04
Warranty period


This warranty only applies to the original purchaser who owns the Team Group product; this warranty is a non-transferable right. Customers will not be notified about changes of the warranty terms and period , so we advice product purchasers to carefully read the product manual or contact the product sales outlet or dealers to confirm the warranty’s expiration date.
As for products that are no longer under production and unable to be maintained a refund of depreciated market price will be made to the product purchaser who, if agrees, may also exchange the purchased product with an equal or higher class one . Team Group Inc. reserves the right to make final decision at its discretion.

Memory modules
All Team Group’s “Team” brand memory module series enjoy lifetime warranties, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, free maintenance service is provided during product’s service life.
This lifetime warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws , but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy.

USB flash drives
All Team Group’s “Team” brand USB flash drive have lifetime warranties, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, free maintenance service is provided to customers during product’s service life. This lifetime warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws , but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy.

Memory cards
All Team Group’s “Team” brand flash memory cards have lifetime warranties, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, free maintenance service is provided to customers during product’s service life. This lifetime warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws , but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy.

SSD series
All Team Group’s “Team” brand solid state hard drives have 2~3 years warranty service, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, customers can enjoy free maintenance services within the warranty period. This warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws , but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy.
• 1.8” Portable Drive Economy SSD (PD200): 3 years warranty.
		• 2.5” Performance SSD (S2/S3/L1/L3): 3 years warranty.
		• Already phase out SSD (S25AI1/A22V01/P52M01): 3years warranty.
		• Already phase out SSD (express card/P2/G1/C2/C1) : 2 years warranty.
		• Already phase out SSD (C2 ELITE/S1/C1/A1/S3 PRO/L2) : 3 years warranty.

Portable hard drive series
All Team Group’s “Team” brand portable hard drives, there is a 5-year limited warranty (3-year free full warranty for non-human factor damage, from the fourth to the fifth year, maintenance service is provided in Taiwan , and 3-year limited warranty in foreign regions, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, customers can enjoy free maintenance services within the warranty period. This warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws, but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy

Mobile Accessories
All Team Group’s “Team” brand mobile accessories have warranty service, which means that from the day of purchase, if the product is damaged due to natural causes, customers can enjoy free maintenance services within the warranty period. This warranty might not apply to customers in certain countries or states due to conflict of laws , but this limited lifetime warranty does not affect customers’ right to enjoy the longest warranty period allowed by law in those areas. Please read carefully the related disclaimer or limited liability clauses of this policy.
• 1 Year Warranty: Power Bank Series, Wireless Charging Series, Cable Series, OTG-Twinbo, OTG-M141
		• Lifetime Warranties: OTG-M131, OTG-M132






 
05
Identifying original products


For all products manufactured by Team Group, there is a series legally applied and registered product trademarks attached on the packaging or on the product itself, which could be used for customers to identify original Team Group products These trademarks enjoy all rights protected by the laws which cannot be used illegally and for counterfeit purpose.




 
06
Other Cautions



For storage products, please backup and keep the original data on the product before sending it in for maintenance. Team Group cannot guarantee the integrity of the data during the maintenance process.
For certain products, maintenance is done by replacing them with reserved products; therefore it is possible that after maintenance the product returned to the consumer may not be the original one sent in for maintenance.
Because high product turnover, when a product is no longer under production or the original manufacturer no longer provides maintenance, Team Group will replace it with a substitute.





 
07
Product exchange steps and required information


For damage caused by deficient manufacturing processing or poor materials, Team Group Inc. will take responsibility for providing free maintenance. The procedures are as follows:

Send the defective product back to the Team Group dealer where it was purchased.
Fill out the maintenance form of Team Group dealer, in which specify in detail the product’s model, serial number, date of purchase and describe the trouble you came across.
After we receive and confirm the product requested for maintenance if the damage is due to deficient manufacturing process or poor materials, we will immediately send you a well-functioned product to save your waiting time.





 
08
Disclaimer


Those clauses mentioned above are the complete warranty of Team Group products and cover all other paper or oral quarantees. Team Group will not provide any guarantees other than those mentioned above . Under the extent permitted by law, any implied product warranty or special purposes will not be recognized; warranty will also not be given under illegal circumstances. Whether it’s expressed or implied warranty conditions, they are only valid within the warranty period mentioned above; laws in some regions, states (provinces), countries or other jurisdictions, do not allow the exclusion of implied warranty, advertising of lifetime warranties or limiting the length of the warranty periods.
Team Group Inc. will like to remind consumers who purchased products with lifetime warranties, that because the laws in certain countries or regions do not allow the warranty period to be longer than the maximum time limit permitted by law, therefore, this is a disclaimer for Team Group’s description and advertising of lifetime warranties longer than the maximum length allowed by those laws. The disclaimer of this lifetime warranty does not affect your statutory right as a consumer or any technical support and services provided by Team Group Inc.
Team Group products are not authorized to be used on life support equipment and their components,, or for any relative applications that might cause injury or death to humans due to product malfunction or defects. Team Group is exempt from all responsibilities for death or injury of anyone, damage caused to anything or when products are applied on, including but not limited to, military or military related equipment, traffic control equipment, disaster prevention systems and medical treatment or any medical treatment related equipment. If you have these types of intended use and purpose, please make sure to contact Team Group to find suitable parts for the applications mentioned above. The purpose of this disclaimer is not to restrict or exclude the responsibility of death or injury caused by Team Group’s own fault or misrepresentation.
Under the maximum extent permitted by law, Team Group cannot be held responsible for any damage, expenditure, data loss, loss of income, loss of savings, loss of profit, or any other accident or collateral damage caused to the product purchaser or end-use customer for purchasing, using or unable to use Team Group’s product. This remain applicable even if Team Group Inc. has been told about the possibility of damage occurring.
Thank you for purchasing Team Group’s memory products. Please read carefully the warranty clauses and related terms and conditions stated in this manual before use. When using the product, try to stay clear of the chip and contact pins to avoid damages caused by static. All Team Group’s memory modules have product warranty stickers on them. Please do not damage or tear off the stickers to maintain your rights. If you have any technical or compatibility problems when installing or after use, you can look up the problem at product FAQ of our official website , or leave an online message to our customer service personnel on the website’s Online Query Center. For information about Team Group’s newest products, you can search this official website at any time or directly contact a Team Group dealer.



















Privacy Policy








Dear users, we welcome you to this publicly exhibited Team Group Inc.’s official website (hereinafter referred to as this website), in order to allow you to safely use this website’s various services and information, this website will do our utmost to respect and protect the user’s privacy. In order to help you understand how this website collects, applies and protect your personal information, we will explain this website’s privacy policy to you to protect your rights; please carefully read the following contents:



Applicable range

Privacy policy contents, including how this website uses the personal identification information collected while you’re using this website’s services.
This privacy policy does not apply to related connected websites other than this website, and does not apply to personnel not commissioned by this website or not in the management staff.




Personal information collection principles
                                This website’s personal information collection of users complies with the specifications listed in Taiwan’s “Personal Information Protection Act”; without the user’s permission, we will not use the computer to collect the user’s personal information. We will use the following channels to collect the user’s personal information:
                                
Customer service center: When you use e-mail to express opinions or ask questions to the contact unit listed on our customer service center related web pages, we need you to provide a correct e-mail address or contact information as a basis for us to reply to you.
Preferential offers download activities: When you participate in this website’s preferential offer download activities, under your approval, we will ask you to provide your basic information for statistical analysis.




Personal information application principles
                                This website’s user personal information will be used for our company’s internal business purposes, including customer service and responding to requests…etc. This website might use this information to notify you of the newest information, services and activities that you might be interested in. Without the user’s permission, this website will not use the information for other purposes.
                            


Personal information’s application protection principles

This company will completely save your personal information in our information storage system, and use tight protection measures to prevent unauthorized personnel from getting in contact with it. This company’s personnel have gone through complete information privacy education, and fully understand that keeping user information confidential is our basic responsibility; any breach of confidentiality will be punished by related laws and the company’s internal regulations.
To protect the integrity and safety of your personal information, the information management system that stores your personal information has received proper maintenance, and complies with related competent authority’s rigorous demands to guarantee that your personal information will not be improperly obtained or destroyed.
If for business needs we need to outsource to a third party to provide the service, this company will also rigorously demand them to comply with the confidentiality obligations, and take the necessary checking procedures to make sure that they are followed.




Cookies application principles

In order to provide personalized services, this website only uses cookies to help smoother operation of this website, and will not trace or save any actions you’ve performed outside of this website; please pay special attention that when you connect to other websites from this website, other websites might have different cookies policies and regulations, this website cannot control and is not responsible for these policies or regulations. When you visit other websites, you should also note their policy and regulations. 
Because the transfer of internet information cannot be guaranteed 100% safe, even if this website tries hard to protect the safety of the user’s information, under certain circumstances we will use the accepted standard SSL security system to guarantee the security of data transfer, but because the data transfer process also matters with your level of security for your online environment, we cannot confirm the guarantee the safety when the user sends or receives information to this website; the users must bear the risk of internet information transfer.




Privacy protection and information security protection policy changes
                                This website will modify this policy irregularly to comply with the newest privacy protection specifications. When we need to make drastic changes to the regulation on using personal information, we will post a notice on our website to notify you on related items.
                            


Privacy protection and information security protection policy query
                                If you have any problems concerning our information privacy policy or the collecting, applying and updating of personal information, we welcome you to contact us.
                            

















	
        Welcome to Delta Group




























































Solutions









                                         
                                    


































                                                                                Industrial Automation Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Building Automation Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Datacenter Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Telecom Energy Solutions
                                                                            





































                                                                                Renewable Energy Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Display and Monitoring Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                EV Charging Solutions
                                                                            






















Products








 
                                        
                                    











 
 


電源及零組件











零組件



嵌入式電源



風扇與散熱管理



汽車電子



商用產品及移動電源


 
- 視訊與顯像系統


 
- 醫療用裝置


 
- 移動電源


 
- 工業電源


 
- 醫療電源




 
















 
 


自動化










工業自動化


 
- 設備監控


 
- 網路裝置


 
- 控制裝置


 
- 傳動及運動系統


 
- 感測儀表


 
- 工業機器人



樓宇自動化


 
- 樓宇管理與控制


 
- LED照明


 
- 智慧安防












 
 


基礎設施










資通訊基礎設施


 
- 通訊電源系統


 
- 網通系統


 
- 不斷電系統及資料中心



能源基礎設施


 
- 電動車充電設備


 
- 儲能系統


 
- 可再生能源


 
- 高功率馬達驅動



















 
                                        
                                    











 
 


Power Electronics











Components



Embedded Power



Fan & Thermal Management



Automotive Electronics



Merchant & Mobile Power


 
- Display & Visualization


 
- Healthcare Devices


 
- Mobile Power


 
- Industrial Power


 
- Medical Power




 
















 
 


Automation










Industrial Automation


 
- Equipment Control & Visualization



 
- Network


 
- Control


 
- Drive & Motion


 
- Field Device



Building Automation


 
- Building Management & Control


 
- LED Lighting


 
- Intelligent Surveillance












 
 


Infrastructure










ICT Infrastructure


 
- Telecom Power Systems


 
- Networking Systems


 
- UPS & Datacenter Infrastructure



Energy Infrastructure


 
- EV Charging


 
- Energy Storage System


 
- Renewable Energy


 
- High Power Motor Drives



















News Center





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Press Releases










                                                                            Photos & Videos










                                                                            Event Calendar










                                                                            Press Contacts

















Investor Services





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Chairman’s Statement










                                                                            Annual Reports










                                                                            Financial Reports










                                                                            Stock Quotes










                                                                            Dividend Information










                                                                            Corporate Governance










                                                                            Analyst Coverage










                                                                            Events & Presentations










                                                                            Transfer Agent










                                                                            Investor Services Team

















About Delta





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Delta Group










                                                                            Leadership










                                                                            Business










                                                                            Global Operations










                                                                            Innovation










                                                                            Milestones










                                                                            CSR










                                                                            Delta Group Links

















Careers





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Life at Delta










                                                                            Join Delta



















Loading
















Regions | Language


                         
                    
















































































Our Business











電源及零組件
自動化
基礎設施










零組件



嵌入式電源



風扇與散熱管理



汽車電子



商用產品及移動電源




 
















工業自動化



樓宇自動化












資通訊基礎設施



能源基礎設施






 
 
 




Power Electronics
Automation
Infrastructure










Components



Embedded Power



Fan & Thermal Management



Automotive Electronics



Merchant & Mobile Power




 
















Industrial Automation



Building Automation












ICT Infrastructure



Energy Infrastructure






 
 
 










Solutions















                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Industrial Automation Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Building Automation Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Datacenter Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Telecom Energy Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Renewable Energy Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Display and Monitoring Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            EV Charging Solutions




























Features


























 
                                                            







Delta Electronics Wins Three Major Awards at the 2017 Global Views Monthly’s CSR Awards 14 awards won since 2005 – the most by one company since the founding of the awards

Taipei, Taiwan, May 3, 2017 -- Delta Electronics won three major awards today at Global Views Monthly's 13th annual “Global Views Corporate Social Responsibility Awards” event. The awards include first prize for the “CSR Comprehensive Survey of the Electronics Industry”, and model awards for “Delta Green Building Exhibition” and “DeltaMOOCx”. This year, Delta received the most awards among all awa...>
                                                                            

















News




















                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/28
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Electronics, Inc. Announces 2017-Q2 Financial ResultsNEW!














                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/16
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Awarded Scholarships and Bursaries for Students in Northern Thailand














                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/10
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Electronics’ Consolidated Sales Revenues for June 2017 Totaled NT$18,694 Million
































Delta CSR





































Delta named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) World Index for six consecutive years in the ITC Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components industry. 













 
                                                                        

















Please read our annual social responsibility report for detailed information about Delta's sustainability performance.



























Explore


















 
                                                                                        




Moving towards Smart and Green Manufacturing








At Delta's production base, the Delta articulated robot inspects functions of the finished products of the SCARA robot, increasing inspection efficiency by 74%. 















 
                        





















             
        



             
        










                                     
                                




RSS Feeds 













Press Releases





Investor Services











                                     
                                




Information 













Privacy



Contact us





Terms of use


                                                 
                                            









Our Mission




To provide innovative, clean and energy-efficient solutionsfor a better tomorrow.




                        ©
                        2017
                        Delta Electronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                    



























TeamGroup - Memory Modules,Memory Cards,USB Flash Drives,Solid State Drivers,External Hard Drives,Apple series,Power Banks,Wireless Products
































































Index




twitter
facebook
youtube
where to buy







Event
Team Group
Product

T-Force Gaming

Memory Modules

Memory Cards

USB Drives

SSD Series

Mobile Accessories

Industrial System



Service
News
Dealer

 中文













DEALER LOGIN



Account



Password




Remeber Account


















Customers love hello
This is a random web questionnaire which is  for internal usages and complying with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Act. Please take a moment to fill it out. Thank you very much for your participation.

Next time
Fill it out right now





Close this tip box and never show again.













Featured Series

News

Contact

Service










#memoryofalifetime
















































																			T-Force Gaming Series
																	


									SSD
									M.2 SSD
									CARDEA PCIe M.2 SSD
								







																			USB Drives
																	


									USB3.1
									C157
								







																			Memory Cards
																	


									MicroSD
									GO Card UHS-I U3
								







																			T-Force Gaming Series
																	


									Gaming Memory Modules
									DDR4 MEMORY MODULES
									T-Force Delta RGB DDR4
								







																			Memory Modules
																	


									OVERCLOCKING
									DDR4
									Delta DDR4
								







																			SSD Series
																	


									2.5" SSD
									L3 EVO
								
















2017Jul,11

TEAMGROUP Revolutionizes Memory with T-FORCE DELTA RGB Luminous Memory Module

TEAMGROUP’s gaming brand T-FORCE has once again shined with the launch of the all-new luminous DDR4 memory module: the DELTA RGB. The DELTA RGB has captured everyone’s attention during the COMPUTEX exhibition 2017 with its dazzling ultra wide angle and full-range spectrum lighting effect. It features black or white heat spreaders, created by the TEAMGROUP design team with all new concepts. The heat spreaders are made with improved, high-quality metal that creates better dissipation and now are lighter and thinner than anything before it.

Read more








2017May,03

Team Group Goes Beyond the Limit and Reaches for the Top Presenting 20 Years of Accumulation in All-Around Technology at Computex Taipei 2017

The NIGHT HAWK and XTREEM memory modules of T-FORCE series and Team’s USB Drives T171, T162 won the 2017 COMPUTEX D&I Awards.

Read more




VIEW MORE










China branchoffice




China

Team Group (SZ) Inc.
6F,C Block, NEO Building, No.6011, Shen Nan Road, Futian District, Shen Zhen,China

RMA Service Line: 400-069-0188
(Monday to Friday 9: 30-17: 30)

rma.cn@teamgroup.com.tw
                                    tg-sz@teamgroup.com.tw









Hong Kongbranch office




Hong Kong branch office

Datacell Technology Ltd.
Room 821, 8/F Nan Fung Commercial Center,19 Lam Lok Street, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong
TEL: +852 2972 2578
FAX: +852 2972 2655
datacell@teamgroup.com.tw









TaiwanHeadquarters




Taiwan Headquarters

Team Group Inc.
3F, No.166, Jian 1st Rd., Zhonghe Dist.,New Taipei City 23511, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
TEL: +886 2 8226 5000 | 0800 821 688 (Taiwan Area)
FAX: +886 2 8226 5011
rma@teamgroup.com.tw (Service)
                                    sales@teamgroup.com.tw (Sales)









Japan branchoffice




Japan

株式会社Teamジャパン
〒101-0032 東京都千代田区岩本町三丁目
                                    10番9号秋葉原花岡ビル5階
TEL: 03 6240 9961
FAX: 03 6240 9963
upport@team-japan.jp

















Product FAQ
You can by following two simple steps, searching to resolve your questions.







Product Warranty
After purchasing a Team Group product, Team Group recommends consumers to follow the steps listed below in order to obviate any usage problems.






Online Service
Thank you for selecting Team Group's product. If you have any technical or compatibility problems, please click here.

















Privacy Policy








Dear users, we welcome you to this publicly exhibited Team Group Inc.’s official website (hereinafter referred to as this website), in order to allow you to safely use this website’s various services and information, this website will do our utmost to respect and protect the user’s privacy. In order to help you understand how this website collects, applies and protect your personal information, we will explain this website’s privacy policy to you to protect your rights; please carefully read the following contents:



Applicable range

Privacy policy contents, including how this website uses the personal identification information collected while you’re using this website’s services.
This privacy policy does not apply to related connected websites other than this website, and does not apply to personnel not commissioned by this website or not in the management staff.




Personal information collection principles
                                This website’s personal information collection of users complies with the specifications listed in Taiwan’s “Personal Information Protection Act”; without the user’s permission, we will not use the computer to collect the user’s personal information. We will use the following channels to collect the user’s personal information:
                                
Customer service center: When you use e-mail to express opinions or ask questions to the contact unit listed on our customer service center related web pages, we need you to provide a correct e-mail address or contact information as a basis for us to reply to you.
Preferential offers download activities: When you participate in this website’s preferential offer download activities, under your approval, we will ask you to provide your basic information for statistical analysis.




Personal information application principles
                                This website’s user personal information will be used for our company’s internal business purposes, including customer service and responding to requests…etc. This website might use this information to notify you of the newest information, services and activities that you might be interested in. Without the user’s permission, this website will not use the information for other purposes.
                            


Personal information’s application protection principles

This company will completely save your personal information in our information storage system, and use tight protection measures to prevent unauthorized personnel from getting in contact with it. This company’s personnel have gone through complete information privacy education, and fully understand that keeping user information confidential is our basic responsibility; any breach of confidentiality will be punished by related laws and the company’s internal regulations.
To protect the integrity and safety of your personal information, the information management system that stores your personal information has received proper maintenance, and complies with related competent authority’s rigorous demands to guarantee that your personal information will not be improperly obtained or destroyed.
If for business needs we need to outsource to a third party to provide the service, this company will also rigorously demand them to comply with the confidentiality obligations, and take the necessary checking procedures to make sure that they are followed.




Cookies application principles

In order to provide personalized services, this website only uses cookies to help smoother operation of this website, and will not trace or save any actions you’ve performed outside of this website; please pay special attention that when you connect to other websites from this website, other websites might have different cookies policies and regulations, this website cannot control and is not responsible for these policies or regulations. When you visit other websites, you should also note their policy and regulations. 
Because the transfer of internet information cannot be guaranteed 100% safe, even if this website tries hard to protect the safety of the user’s information, under certain circumstances we will use the accepted standard SSL security system to guarantee the security of data transfer, but because the data transfer process also matters with your level of security for your online environment, we cannot confirm the guarantee the safety when the user sends or receives information to this website; the users must bear the risk of internet information transfer.




Privacy protection and information security protection policy changes
                                This website will modify this policy irregularly to comply with the newest privacy protection specifications. When we need to make drastic changes to the regulation on using personal information, we will post a notice on our website to notify you on related items.
                            


Privacy protection and information security protection policy query
                                If you have any problems concerning our information privacy policy or the collecting, applying and updating of personal information, we welcome you to contact us.
                            


















TRU Group Inc Product Launch Team Facilitator Launching New Industrial Products










 











 TRU Group Inc specializes in leading-edge breakthrough product launch 

   		[an error occurred while processing this directive]
   		
Send Form to TRU


Have TRU Call You






TRU New Product Launch Team
Consulting + Facilitation for Implementing Integrated Product Launch
The integration of the many influencing facets at play in successful product development and commercialization supports the use of the
    Product Launch Team.
The TRU Product Launch Team is the enabling management methodology especially for technology-intensive products - a cornerstone of our simplify-with-integration philosophy - for product development. Beware complicating and potentially misdirecting your process with largely academic product development models that actually add little or nothing to the strategic commercial success of your product launch. 
Call TRU and discuss why the "Launch Team" focused on customer acceptance is the best proven approach for you. We are expert at technology innovation and new product commercialization: from idea to customer trial, purchase and acceptance. We work closely with you in the facilitation of the process - including undertaking the required laboratory testwork - while providing many of the other resources you need to bring your products successfully to market.
...consult TRU on facilitating your New Product Development!
Concepts for  TRU Group Inc Product Launch Team, product introduction, product launching, introducing new products,  product launch team, facilitator for product launch, new product development, product innovation process, launching new products, product launch process, product development team, cutting-edge product launching, initiate products, product idea development, start new products, changing products, TRU Group product launch consultants, Product launch consultancy, new product introduction consultants, industrial product launch  








Professional + Independent + Bankable
 Tucson Arizona USA + Toronto Canada + Sonora Mexico  |  Working throughout North America and Internationally








 







Dorel | Home














Dorel Industries









Contact Us

Language
EN
FR















Dorel’s portfolio of name brand bicycles responds to cyclists globally - from the most passionate to the casual rider.
Cannondale Schwinn KidTrax Caloi Mongoose GT Fabric Sugoi Charge





Dorel is the world’s largest juvenile products distributor in its categories. Its recognized brands have wide consumer acceptance for high quality, safety and innovative design.
Safety1st Cosco Quinny MaxiCosi Bebeconfort Bertini InfantiTinyLove





Dorel ranks among the top North American furniture manufacturers and marketers. 
Altra DorelAsia DHP Heartland Cabinetry CoscoHome Signature Sleep Ameriwood





Dorel’s portfolio of name brand bicycles responds to cyclists globally - from the most passionate to the casual rider.
Cannondale Schwinn KidTrax Caloi Mongoose GT Fabric Sugoi Charge





Dorel is the world’s largest juvenile products distributor in its categories. Its recognized brands have wide consumer acceptance for high quality, safety and innovative design.
Safety1st Cosco Quinny MaxiCosi Bebeconfort Bertini InfantiTinyLove





Dorel ranks among the top North American furniture manufacturers and marketers. 
Altra DorelAsia DHP Heartland Cabinetry CoscoHome Signature Sleep Ameriwood




Prev

Next




Press Releases


7/27/2017
Dorel Industries will hold a conference call to discuss its second quarter results 

 
Conference call open to: Analysts, investors and all interested parties
 



5/25/2017
Dorel Industries Announces Results of Annual Meeting

						Dorel Industries Inc. is pleased to announce that all of the nominees listed in its management proxy circular dated April 11, 2017 were re-elected as directors at the Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders held today in Montreal.
					


5/5/2017
Dorel reports strong first quarter 2017 results

Dorel Home posts another record quarter; Dorel Sports significantly improves earnings; Credit facilities amended to provide immediate savings and flexibility 



 View All News



Investor Information



Dorel DII.A (TSX)
As of 
Price Change 
Percent Change 








































Taiwan TEAM USB Flash Drive C153 | TEAM GROUP INC. | Taiwantrade.com















Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Computer

Drives, Storage & Blank Media

USB Flash Drive


TEAM USB Flash Drive C153


























TEAM USB Flash Drive C153

Model No.：C153
Made in：Taiwan, ROC
Get Latest Price
Supplier：TEAM GROUP INC.

Contact SupplierNo sign-up required.








Product Detail
Company Profile


Add To Favorites

Spec
Products Status : 
											Used
Style : 
											Stick
Type : 
											USB 2.0
Capacity : 
											8GB-64GB



Key Features1.Strap hole design2.Supports hot-swap and plug-and-play3.Backward compatible USB 2.0/1.1 transmission interface4.No external power needed5.Support power saving mode6.The thinnest part at the outer edge is only 2.95mm thick

Attachment

UFD_C153_EDM_EN_0722.pdf(0.74MB)

Last Update :
									2015-08-06

Loading ...
				            	
                              

Product Detail
Company Profile



				              The purpose of Slider Kit is to gather common slideshow-like jQuery functionalities (such as news sliders, photos galleries/sliders, carousels, tabs menus)
				            

				              When tracking mouse movement, you usually need to know the actual position of the mouse pointer. The event object that is passed to the handler contains some information about the mouse coordinates.
				            

Contact Supplier



To:

Mrs.Gloria Kao
				                        					    , TEAM GROUP INC.


 

TEAM USB Flash Drive C153





CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats : htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 





 

*Full Name

Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit











Loading ...
                              






Loading ...
				      		
                  















Submit

















Dram(id:4319771) Product details - View Dram from Team Group Inc. - EC21


















































 Team Group Inc.




Home
Products
Products
Dram








Dram




















See Larger Picture : Dram





Company Name:Team Group Inc.
Membership:Free Member
Registration Date:2010. 04.28
Country/Region:Taiwan 
City:Taiwan, R.O.C
Contact:Jenny Wu  
														
Related Keywords:ram



















Share to  :
























Contact Now* Send an Inquiry to this supplier.
or

Start Order
* Name your price













Browse by Category

All Products
Products








Contact us
				
Team Group Inc.[Taiwan] 

Address
3F, NO.166, Jian Yi Rd., Chung Ho City, Taipei 235,  Taiwan, R.O.C


Phone
886-2-82265000


Contact name
Jenny Wu












Report Item
Product Details
Transaction History
											



Quick Information

Brand Name:  TEAM
Place of Origin:  Taiwan



Description

Along with the introduction of Intel Core i7/i5 (Lynnfied, LGA 1156) and P55 chipsets, the future development is once again affirmed to follow the steps of Intel platforms and the excelled technology of IMC (integrated Memory Controller) memory profile. Thus, as a long standing developer in over-clocking memory modules, Team Group Inc leads the industry to launch its Xtreem LV DDR3 2200. Through the revolutionary development of Core i7/i5 memory profile from DDR3 1333MHZ to DDR3 2200, the frequency of clock ticks grew by 40%, and in addition to its excellent 35GB/Sec bandwidth, Xtreem LV DDR3 2200, as supported by the IMC framework, carries the mission to satisfy enthusiastic users.




Product Image










0 transactions







Buyer
Transaction Information
Feed Back



									No Data.
								




















Related products from premium suppliers on EC21






Ceramic Processors Scrap








Computer Memory Ram Scrap








Kingston HyperX Predator ...








Computer Ram Scrap,Computer ...









Send an Inquiry to this supplier



Send an Inquiry to this supplier



* From



  To
Jenny Wu
Team Group Inc.


* Buying Product

- Please enter your specific buying item.
						e.g. 42 inch LCD TV, leather executive chair
Category : RAMs



* Message




Use English only Max. 2000 characters. (Min. 20)
Send






















Categories
Products




Selling Leads
Sell Solide State Drive
Sell external hard drive
Sell USB drive
Sell memory products







About
Contact
Storefront Sitemap













Share :
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Delicious
My EC21
Email this page




				Browse:
				Manufacturer Directory
Countries
China
India
Korea
Premium Suppliers
Community
Site Map


About EC21
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Report Item
Online Trading Risks
Product Listing Policy


中文
繁體
한국어
日本語
Español
Русский
Français
Deutsch

Copyright (c)1997-2017 EC21 Inc. All Rights Reserved.  EC21 in KoreanChinese
Business Registry Number: 120-86-03931


Inquiry Basket
































Taiwan USB 3.1 Portable SSD | TEAM GROUP INC. | Taiwantrade.com















Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Computer

Drives, Storage & Blank Media

Solid State Drive (SSD)


USB 3.1 Portable SSD






















USB 3.1 Portable SSD

Model No.：PD700
Certification：Taiwan Excellence Award
Made in：Taiwan, ROC
Get Latest Price
Supplier：TEAM GROUP INC.

Contact SupplierNo sign-up required.








Product Detail
Company Profile


Add To Favorites


Key Features1. PD700 is using method of RAID to integrate SSD. It becomes the world’s fastest mobile SSD with USB 3.1 Gen 2 by combining latest electronics technologies in the market
USB 3.1 GEN2 is currently the newest and fastest standard. Compared with USB3.0 and SATAIII standard, the data transfer speed is up to 2 times faster than USB3.0, and up to 25% faster than SATAIII. It largely saves user’s time and achieve the goal of energy saving and carbon reduction.

2. Best choice for the new era of storage
PD700 releases two large capacities, 240GB and 480GB specifically for easy and efficient accessing of high quality video, music files and drawing files. Its compact and thin body is the best choice for Ultrabook users when it comes to storage expansion in the new era.

3. Exclusive ecofriendly fiber carrying case. Thoughtful and convenient
In order to make it even more convenient for users, PD700 has a carrying case that is designed for carrying both PD700 and its cable. Consumers can have the best protection and user experience with its fashionable look and ecofriendly material. Carrying both P700 and its cable when you are out couldn’t be any easier.


Main Export Market
United States of America, Mainland China, Indonesia, India, Japan, Taiwan, ROC, Viet Nam, Turkey, Germany, Philippines
Last Update :
									2016-12-27

Loading ...
				            	
                              

Product Detail
Company Profile



				              The purpose of Slider Kit is to gather common slideshow-like jQuery functionalities (such as news sliders, photos galleries/sliders, carousels, tabs menus)
				            

				              When tracking mouse movement, you usually need to know the actual position of the mouse pointer. The event object that is passed to the handler contains some information about the mouse coordinates.
				            

Contact Supplier



To:

Mrs.Gloria Kao
				                        					    , TEAM GROUP INC.


 

USB 3.1 Portable SSD





CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats : htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 





 

*Full Name

Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit











Loading ...
                              






Loading ...
				      		
                  















Submit
















	Team Group Inc. on Taiwan's Largest ICT B2B Marketplace - computex.biz
























































 



About

Computex.biz
TCA
Privacy Policy
Partners



Membership

Buyer   Sign in   Join Free !
Upgrade to Supplier
Supplier   Sign in



Contact Us


Buyer Service  |  FAQ


Supplier Service  |  FAQ

 

Newsletter

COMPUTEX Newsletter



Recommended Channels

CES 2016 Highlights
BC Award of COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Taiwan Excellent 3C Product
Embedded Technology (Japan)



Trade Shows

COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Worldwide Trade Show









 



 







COMPUTEX TAIPEI  (Visitor /
                    Exhibitor)

BC Award











Sitemap




 





Products

Product Wall
Hot Products
Recently Updated
Product Directory
Post My Products


Suppliers

Supplier Wall
Hot Suppliers
Newly Arrived
Active Suppliers
Become a Supplier


Videos

COMPUTEX 2017
Video Wall
Recently Updated
COMPUTEX 2016


News

News Wall
Industry News
Headline News
Special Interview
Post My News



My Office

Inquiry


My Product Basket
My Company Basket
Sent Inquiry
Received Inquiry


Buyer Services

Trade Alert
ePaper
User Profile
FAQ


Supplier Services

Post a New Product
Post a New News
Manage Products Data
Manage Company Data
Manage News Data
Settings
Advertisement
FAQ






Language

English
繁體中文
简体中文



















Products
Suppliers
Videos
News





Hot Keywords:

CCTV Camera
cctv
UPS
PE3B
alfa


































Forget Password?
Help










 

 































                Team Group Inc.
            



                Team
            



Active Supplier :
        
        













                    General Info
                    
                



                    Background
                    
                


                    Products
                


                    News
                


                    Show / Event
                


                    Contact
                










Access Control(1)
                                    



Card Reader for Memory / ATM Card /Smart Card(2)
                                    



Disk Array(2)
                                    



Memory Cards / Robot Memory Component(2)
                                    





Memory IC(1)
                                    



Memory Module / Extension Memory Cards(7)
                                    



Mobile Disk  / USB Pen Drive / MMC Cards(8)
                                    



Other Data Storage Supplies(2)
                                    





SSD(1)
                                    










Select All

























T134















SkyVault F1















X121















C12F















C126















Team T126 















Team TL01















Team Ultra L1 















Team C12G















Team C12F















Team Xtreem LV DDR3 2800















Team Elite DDR3 1866 






1 2 3 































Produce by  Copyright Notice © 2015 Taipei Computer Association. All rights reserved.  Any type of unauthorized reproduction is prohibited.  Legal and Privacy Policy




















            Loading, please wait …
        



















