 




Anixter International Inc. Company Profile – SWOT Analysis Report : DecisionDatabases.com





































 Email: [email protected]













































Toggle navigation



 






Home


Categories


Blog


About Us


Contact Us



 














  
 












 Home 


Company Profiles 















 


Anixter International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report


ID:PD002114
February 2016
Value Market Research





Single User License: $ 125.00        
                                                                        Multi User License: $ 250.00        
                                                                    



Buy Now Download Sample Ask Questions 





Description
Table Of Content




                                        The professional and profound study of Anixter International Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial details and competitive assessment of the company. On the competitive edge, this report evaluates the strategies adopted by the company. This profile is of significant use to the Management Consultants, Industry Analysts, Market Research Organizations, Investors, Corporate Advisors and other consultants.
 
FEATURES:

Detailed information on Anixter International Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needs
In-depth study of the factors influencing Anixter International Inc. as SWOT Analysis
Detailed analysis of the business model of Anixter International Inc. comprising of breakdowns and examinations of the key business segments
Track on strategic business developments of Anixter International Inc.
News and Press Releases about Anixter International Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
Easy to understand statistical charts & graphs showing key trends and data

 
HIGHLIGHTS:

Anixter International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report offers a comprehensive analysis of the corporate growth activities of the organization in order to sustain its competitive advantage. It delivers a detailed strategic analysis of the company's business, examining its performance in the market over a period of time. The data in this report is derived from in-house databases, company websites, company annual reports and several paid sources.
 
The profile covers facts and statistics specifying summary of the Anixter International Inc., key facts & figures, key employees details, company history, locations and subsidiaries, business description, products & services offered and SWOT analysis of the company. Owing to this information, competitive positioning of the company can be understood.
 
The Anixter International Inc. company profile evaluates the business of the company through SWOT analysis. It offers intense outlook on the strengths of the company which lead to avail potential market opportunities for the business. The report is beneficial to comprehend the weaknesses that will aid to overcome critical issues affecting the business. This will aid to understand the company’s strategies towards business development and superintending market challenges. The profile helps to formulate strategies that augment client’s business by enabling them to understand their partners, customers and competitors better.
 
This company profile offers a detailed insight into the financial position of the firm, while in-depth qualitative analysis will help client understand Anixter International Inc. strategy and growth prospects. The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company are delivered. In addition, it includes the most recent financials of the company and also compares the historical sales & income figures with the current and projected figures. This profile accentuates on the financial performance, stock data and corporate information.
 
The Anixter International Inc. company profile includes exhaustive study on company’s corporate activities covering the financial deals. It reviews the top deals, mergers and acquisitions, capital raising strategies, partnership and divestment transactions undertaken by Anixter International Inc.. However, these corporate activities delineate the smooth working and financially health of the company.
 
The profile evaluates the substantial developments that have taken place in the company. The profile emphasizes on the growth strategy of Anixter International Inc. in accordance with their multiple business segments. This profile examines recent performances, activities and strategies of Anixter International Inc., and assesses the same for the possible future directions. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals categorized into deal types and its description. It offers critical news analysis of the company’s operations. Recent developments examine the strategic initiatives adopted by the company to undertake growth in the industry. These business strategic initiatives comprise of partnerships/collaborations/agreements, mergers & acquisitions, new product launches and other developments.
 
The report is a compilation of important statistics and facts that brings out a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s strategical and financial welfare. The representation of this information is eased with tables and figures that are valued source of guidance and direction for clients interested in the Anixter International Inc. company profile.
 
Anixter International Inc. – Strategy and SWOT Report Evaluates:

Corporate and Business Strategies
SWOT Analysis
Financial Filing
Top Deals and Recent Developments

 
REASONS TO PURCHASE: 

Gain understanding of Anixter International Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies
Latest corporate news and strategic initiatives of the company
Assess Anixter International Inc. as a potential collaborator and supplier
Support sales activities by understanding your customer’s businesses better
Stay up to date on the business structure of Anixter International Inc., its strategy and prospects
Formulate functions such as planning, strategy, marketing, sales and competitive assessment for Anixter International Inc. 

 
* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                     
                                


























1.  Anixter International Inc.- Overview
1.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Company Summary
1.2.  Anixter International Inc.- Key Facts
1.3.  Anixter International Inc.- Business Description
1.4.  Anixter International Inc.- Key Employees
1.4.1.   Anixter International Inc.- Key Employee Biographies
1.5.  Anixter International Inc.- Major Products And Services
1.6.  Anixter International Inc.- History
1.7.  Anixter International Inc.- Locations And Subsidiaries

2.  Anixter International Inc.- Analysis
2.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Business Summary
2.2.  Anixter International Inc.- Corporate Strategy
2.3.  Anixter International Inc.- SWOT Analysis
2.3.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Strength
2.3.2.   Anixter International Inc.- Weakness
2.3.3.   Anixter International Inc.- Opportunities
2.3.4.   Anixter International Inc.- Threats
2.4.  Anixter International Inc.- Key Competitors

3.  Anixter International Inc.- Investors Relations
3.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Financials And Filing
3.1.1.   Anixter International Inc.- Financial Ratios And Statistics
3.1.1.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Relative Valuations
3.1.1.2.  Anixter International Inc.- Financial Strength
3.1.1.3.  Anixter International Inc.- Profitability
3.1.1.4.  Anixter International Inc.- Effectiveness
3.1.1.5.  Anixter International Inc.- Efficiency
3.2.  Anixter International Inc.- Financial Performance

4.  Anixter International Inc. Corporate Activity- Financial Deals
4.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Financial Deals Overview
4.2.  Anixter International Inc.- Partners
4.3.  Anixter International Inc.- Advisors
4.4.  Anixter International Inc.- Top Deals
4.5.  Anixter International Inc.- Mergers And Acquisitions
4.6.  Anixter International Inc.- Capital Raising

5.  Anixter International Inc.- Recent Developments
5.1.  Anixter International Inc.- Recent Developments Overview
5.1.1.   Anixter International Inc.- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
5.1.2.   Anixter International Inc.- Merger And Acquisitions
5.1.3.   Anixter International Inc.- New Product Launch
5.1.4.   Anixter International Inc.- Other Developments

6. Appendix
6.1. Contact Us
6.2. Methodology

 Anixter International Inc.- List of Table

 Anixter International Inc.- Key Facts
 Anixter International Inc.- Board Of Directors
 Anixter International Inc.- Key Executives Of The Company
 Anixter International Inc.- Major Products And Services
 Anixter International Inc.- Key Competitors
 Anixter International Inc.- Financial Summary
 Anixter International Inc.- Relative Valuations
 Anixter International Inc.- Financial Strength
 Anixter International Inc.- Profitability
 Anixter International Inc.- Effectiveness
 Anixter International Inc.- Efficiency
 Anixter International Inc.- Top Deals
 Anixter International Inc.- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
 Anixter International Inc.- Merger And Acquisitions
 Anixter International Inc.- New Product Launch
 Anixter International Inc.- Other Developments

 Anixter International Inc.- List of Figures

 Anixter International Inc.- SWOT Analysis Of The Company
 Anixter International Inc.- Ratio Charts
 Anixter International Inc.- Performance Chart
 Anixter International Inc.- Capital Raising By Deal Type
 Anixter International Inc.- Recent Developments

* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                         





Related Categories

                                        Company Profiles                                    
























Get Custom Research at price of Syndicate 


Related Reports
 Honeywell International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Honeywell International Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization  read more..

 Caterpillar Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Caterpillar Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Unilever - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Unilever provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 HCL Technologies - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of HCL Technologies provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Siemens AG - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Siemens AG provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Boeing Company - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Boeing Company provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Johnson & Johnson - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Johnson & Johnson provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Intel Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Intel Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Facebook Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Facebook Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 McDonald's Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of McDonald's Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..




 













 


Anixter International Inc.: NYSE:AXE quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceAnixter International Inc.(NYSE:AXE)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Anixter International Inc.  (Public, NYSE:AXE)  
Watch this stock
 




















78.05


-0.20
(-0.26%)





Real-time:
 

10:40AM EDT



NYSE
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

77.85 - 78.75



52 week

56.23 - 88.00



Open

78.30



Vol / Avg.

10,649.00/128,217.00



Mkt cap

2.59B



P/E

17.81



Div/yield

    -



EPS

4.38



Shares

33.24M



Beta

1.97



Inst. own

83%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Anixter International Inc. »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add AXE to my calendars





Oct 23, 2017
Q3 2017 Anixter International Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 9:30AM EDT -






Aug 29, 2017
Anixter International Inc at Longbow Research Industrial Manufacturing and Technology Conference






Jul 25, 2017
Q2 2017 Anixter International Inc Earnings Call -






Jul 25, 2017
Q2 2017 Anixter International Inc Earnings Release



May 31, 2017
Anixter International Inc at KeyBanc Capital Markets Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference



May 26, 2017
Anixter International Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting (Estimated)



May 18, 2017
Anixter International Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting



May 9, 2017
Anixter International Inc at Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q2 (Jun '17)
2016


Net profit margin
2.00%
1.59%

Operating margin
4.13%
3.74%

EBITD margin
-
4.75%

Return on average assets
3.90%
2.94%

Return on average equity
11.74%
9.80%

Employees
8,900
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
2301 PATRIOT BLVDGLENVIEW, IL 60026United States
- Map+1-224-5218204 (Phone)+1-302-6365454 (Fax)

Website links


https://www.anixter.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Industrials > Industry: Electrical Components & Equipment - NEC

More from FactSet »










Description




Anixter International Inc. is engaged in the distribution of enterprise cabling and security solutions, electrical and electronic wire and cable products and utility power solutions. The Company operates through three segments: Network & Security Solutions (NSS), Electrical & Electronic Solutions (EES), and Utility Power Solutions (UPS). The NSS segment's product portfolio includes access control, power, cable management, wireless, professional audio/video, voice and networking switches, and other ancillary products. The EES segment's product portfolio includes electrical and electronic wire and cable, shipboard cable, support and supply products, low-voltage cable, instrumentation cable, industrial communication and control products, security cable, connectors, industrial Ethernet switches, and voice and data cable. The UPS segment supplies electrical transmission and distribution products, power plant maintenance, repair and operations supplies, and smart-grid products.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Samuel F. Zell J.D.

Independent Chairman of the Board





Age: 75

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Robert J. Eck

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 58

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Theodore A. Dosch

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance





Age: 57

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

William A. Galvin

Chief Operating Officer, Vice President





Age: 54

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Scott Ramsbottom

Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer





Age: 43

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Justin C. Choi

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Rodney A. Smith

Executive Vice President - Human Resources





Age: 59

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Ian Clarke

Executive Vice President - Utility Power Solutions





Age: 54

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Bob Graham

Executive Vice President- Electrical & Electronic Solutions





Age: 49

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

William A. Standish

Executive Vice President - Operations





Age: 62

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service









		Products | Anixter



























Contact Us

What can we help you with?

 Quick Quote





									Live chat is unavailable



 Call 1.888.264.9784
 Give Feedback











My Account
Orders
Quotes
Lists





Login
Register













Locations
Quick Quote
Sign up for Email
Help















United States / English






United States (English)
Canada (English) (Français)



Latin America (English) (Español)


Europe (English)
Middle East & Africa (English)


Asia & Pacific (English)





































Multiple Part Search












Home

>


			Products









Performance-Proven ProductsShop for your complete wire and cable, communications and security products needs.  With a $1 billion inventory of the industry's most trusted brands you can meet your quality and lead time demands right here.   If you can't find what you're looking for, we're available to help.






Wire and Cable





Electrical Wire and Cable







Electronic Wire and Cable







Voice and Data Cable





Communications





Copper Cabling Infrastructure







Fiber Optic Cabling Infrastructure







Coaxial Cabling Infrastructure







Voice Products 








Telecom Power Products







Software





Security





Video Surveillance







Access Control







Electrified Door Hardware







Mechanical Door Hardware








Fire Alarm Systems







Professional AV







Emergency Telephones







Other Security Products





Networking





In-building Wireless







Networking







CATV Video







Intelligent Lighting





Hardware and Supplies





Racks And Cabinets







Cable Management







Electrical Supplies





Firestop






Power Products







Tools and Supplies







Test Equipment





Industrial Communication and Control





Industrial Communication and Control







Electrical Enclosures







Promotions



Special Offers


 
New Products


 
Clearance















View All Manufacturers 




Wire and Cable 








Electrical Wire and Cable


Electronic Wire and Cable


Voice and Data Cable







Communications 








Copper Cabling Infrastructure


Fiber Optic Cabling Infrastructure


Coaxial Cabling Infrastructure


Voice Products


Telecom Power Products


Software







Security 








Video Surveillance


Access Control


Electrified Door Hardware


Mechanical Door Hardware


Intrusion Detection


Fire Alarm Systems


Professional AV


Other Security Products







Networking 








Networking


In-building Wireless


CATV Video


Intelligent Lighting







Hardware and Supplies 








Racks And Cabinets


Cable Management


Test Equipment


Tools and Supplies


Power Products


Electrical Supplies







Industrial Communication and Control 








Industrial Communication and Control


Electrical Enclosures






























 


































































































































































Anixter - Wire & Cable, Communications and Security Products

















>







Contact Us

What can we help you with?

 QUICK QUOTE





            	
                	Live Chat is Unavailable
                
            



 Call 1.888.264.9784
 GIVE FEEDBACK













Welcome {userid}


			        				My Account
			        				
			        			



			        				Orders
			        				
			        			



			        				Quotes
			        				
			        			



			        				Lists
			        				
			        			










Cust No.
https://www.anixter.com/en_us/my-account/customeraccounts.json
https://www.anixter.com/en_us/my-account/active-account/
https://www.anixter.com/en_us/my-account/selectedaccount
https://www.anixter.com/en_us/cart/miniCart/SUBTOTAL






                    Switch Accounts
                



If you change accounts, you will clear your cart on the current account.
Are you sure you want to switch?


                  Cancel
                

                  Yes
                







			        				Logout
			        				
			        			





			        				Register
			        				
			        			



			        				Login
			        				
			        			
























				        				LOCATIONS
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Products
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				My Account
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Quick Quote
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Locations
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				QUICK QUOTE
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				SIGN UP FOR EMAIL
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				HELP
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Help
				        				 
				        				 	




1.888.264.9784
Available on theApp Store
Android app onGoogle play








				              		LOCATIONS
				              		
				        				




				              		Products
				              		
				        				




				              		Register
				              		
				        				




				              		Login
				              		
				        				




				              		Quick Quote
				              		
				        				




				              		Locations
				              		
				        				




				              		QUICK QUOTE
				              		
				        				




				              		SIGN UP FOR EMAIL
				              		
				        				




				              		HELP
				              		
				        				





				        			
				               		Help
				               	



1.888.264.9784
Available on theApp Store
Android app onGoogle play

















 United States / English

 350px


Change Country

If you change your country, you will clear your cart on the current account.
Are you sure you want to switch?
  Yes
 Cancel




United States (English)
Canada (English)  (Français)


Latin America (English) (Español)


Europe (English)
Middle East & Africa (English)


Asia & Pacific (English)

































MULTIPLE PART SEARCH
















				        				LOCATIONS
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Products
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				My Account
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Quick Quote
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Locations
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				QUICK QUOTE
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				SIGN UP FOR EMAIL
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				HELP
				        				 
				        				 	




				        				Help
				        				 
				        				 	




1.888.264.9784
Available on theApp Store
Android app onGoogle play








				              		LOCATIONS
				              		
				        				




				              		Products
				              		
				        				




				              		Register
				              		
				        				




				              		Login
				              		
				        				




				              		Quick Quote
				              		
				        				




				              		Locations
				              		
				        				




				              		QUICK QUOTE
				              		
				        				




				              		SIGN UP FOR EMAIL
				              		
				        				




				              		HELP
				              		
				        				





				        			
				               		Help
				               	



1.888.264.9784
Available on theApp Store
Android app onGoogle play





























POPULAR CATEGORIES (Shop All)




























Wire and Cable


Copper Cabling Infrastructure


Fiber Optic Cabling Infrastructure


Security


Racks and Cabinets


Tools and Supplies


 
 














SPECIAL OFFERS





 Greenlee Buy an AirScout & Get One Year Free Cloud Access


Buy an AirScout and get one year free cloud access.




Dymo Get a FREE RHINO Series Labeler

Buy Dymo IND labels and get RHINO Case Kit free.






Label Your Way to a DYMO XTL Printer!

Buy Dymo XTL labels and get one 
of the XTL Printers.




Trade Up Your DTX and Get Up to $6,250 in Cash Back!

Buy an eligible Versiv model and get up to $6,250 when you trade-in your DTX.




FiberTek Promotion from IDEAL Networks

Need to test or certify fiber optic cabling? Learn more about new promotion from Ideal Networks.

BEST SELLERS (View All)




















Corning TKT-UNICAM-PFC
 UniCam High-Performance Tool Kit

Hoffman Protek Double-Hinge Wall Cabinet

Panduit Horizontal D-Ring Cable Management

Belden Multi-Conductor - EIA Industrial RS-485

Diesel Locomotive Cable

View all: Fiber Cabling

View all: Racks and Cabinets



View all: Cable Management

View all: Multi-Pair/Multi-Conductor Cable

View all: Flexible/Robotic Cable

 
 





































1.888.264.9784





 
Description
 
Qty: 








Product Label/Description



Manufacturer #
Anixter #



 








 


Request Quote
View Cart
Continue Shopping








Invalid Quantity



Qty. 


Submit




Cannot add any more items






Anixter International Inc (AXE)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Anixter International Inc (AXE)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				AXE on New York Consolidated


				77.85USD
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.40


					            (-0.51%)
					        






Prev Close

$78.25


Open

$78.30




Day's High

$78.75


Day's Low

$77.85




Volume

9,826


Avg. Vol

138,969




52-wk High

$88.00


52-wk Low

$56.23












					Full Description



Anixter International Inc., incorporated on December 6, 1967, is engaged in the distribution of enterprise cabling and security solutions, electrical and electronic wire and cable products, and utility power solutions. As of December 31, 2016, the Company provided customers access to inventory management programs, approximately 320 warehouses and locations in over 300 cities across over 50 countries. The Company's segments include Network & Security Solutions (NSS), Electrical & Electronic Solutions (EES), and Utility Power Solutions (UPS). Its inventory management services include procurement, just-in-time delivery, quality assurance testing, advisory engineering services, component kit production, small component assembly, and e-commerce and electronic data interchange to a spectrum of customers.Network & Security SolutionsThe Company's NSS segment supplies products and supply chain solutions to customers in a range of industries, including technology, finance, telecommunications service providers, transportation, education, government, healthcare and retail. NSS provides solutions to end users and sells the products through various channels, including data communications contractors, security, network and systems integrators, and directly to end users. The NSS segment's product portfolio includes copper and fiber optic cable and connectivity, access control, video surveillance, intrusion and fire/life safety, cabinets, power, cable management, wireless, professional audio/video, voice and networking switches and other ancillary products.Electrical & Electronic SolutionsThe EES segment supplies a range of wire and cable, control, power/gear, lighting and electrical bulk products and customized supply chain solutions to the Commercial and Industrial (C&I) and Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) markets. The C&I group supplies products for the transmission of power and signals in industrial applications to customers in markets, including oil, gas and petrochemical, alternative energy, utility, power generation and distribution, transportation, commercial, industrial, natural resource, and water and wastewater treatment. It sells through channels, including electrical contractors, security and automation integrators, and engineering, procurement and construction firms. The OEM group supplies products used in the manufacturing of automotive, industrial, medical, transportation, marine, military and communications equipment, selling to OEM, and panel, cable and harness shops. The product portfolio includes electrical and electronic wire and cable, shipboard cable, support and supply products, low-voltage cable, instrumentation cable, industrial communication and control products, security cable, connectors, industrial Ethernet switches, and voice and data cable.Utility Power SolutionsThe Company's Utility Power Solutions segment, with primary operations in the United States and Canada, supplies electrical transmission and distribution products, power plant maintenance, repair and operations supplies and smart-grid products, and arranges materials management and procurement outsourcing for the power generation and distribution industries. The UPS segment serves the utilities (both public power and investor-owned) and electrical markets. It serves electric power plant customers primarily through a bid-based model and sells maintenance, repair and operations products through an e-commerce platform. Its products include conductors, such as wire and cable, transformers, overhead transmission and distribution hardware, switches, protective devices and underground distribution, connectors used in the construction or maintenance and repair of electricity transmission and substation distribution infrastructure. It supplies, lighting and conduit used in non-residential and residential construction. It also provides materials management and procurement outsourcing services.

» Full Overview of AXE







					Company Address



Anixter International Inc
2301 PATRIOT BLVDGLENVIEW   IL   60026
P: +1224.5218204F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Samuel Zell

357,603




							 Robert Eck

5,607,970




							 Theodore Dosch

2,831,350




							 William Galvin

1,829,060




							 Scott Ramsbottom

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Anixter International Inc News




BRIEF-Anixter International Q2 sales $2.0 billion

Jul 25 2017 
BRIEF-Anixter International names William Galvin president and COO

May 30 2017 
BRIEF-Anixter International Q1 sales $1.9 billion

Apr 25 2017 

» More AXE  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment































AXE stock quote - Anixter International Inc. Common Stock price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    AXE















Anixter International Inc. Common Stock Quote & Summary Data 


AXE 
$77.95
*  
0.30

0.38%
Get AXE Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Aug. 3, 2017 10:21 ET  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading AXE now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Consumer Non-Durables 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    AXE Real Time



















AXE





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target
88




                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 78.75 / $ 77.95




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





9,426





                                        90 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




139,837




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 78.25




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 88 / $ 56.23
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 2,591,075,071 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




17.76




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    




14.68




                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ 4.39


Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




2.73






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













ETFs with AXE as a Top 10 Holding*



Weighting
ETF Name (Symbol)
100-Day Price Change (%)



2.06%


                                            PowerShares S&P SmallCap Information Technology Portfolio (PSCT)
                                        

+4.19  (5.87%)





                            *Data is provided by Barchart.com. Data reflects weightings calculated at the beginning of each month. Data is subject to change.
                        


                            **Green highlights the top performing ETF by % change in the past 100 days.
                        





Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
Anixter International Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
"Anixter" or the "Company") and sometimes referred to in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K as "we", "our", "us", or "ourselves", founded in 1957, is
headquartered near Chicago, Illinois and trades on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol AXE. The Company was formerly known as Itel Corporation which
was incorporated under Delaware law in 1967. Through Anixter Inc. and its
subsidiaries, we are a leading distributor of network and security solutions,
electrical and electronic solutions, and utility power solutions.
Through our global presence, technical expertise and supply chain solutions, we
help our customers reduce the risk, cost and complexity of their supply chains.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does AXE fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for AXE









                        Daily Insider Ratings Round Up July 28, 2017: KeyCorp, Del Frisco's, Navistar, OPKO Health, ImmuCell
                    

7/31/2017 12:37:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Anixter International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides
                    

7/25/2017 10:26:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Anixter International Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:30 AM ET
                    

7/25/2017 9:31:00 AM - RTT News



                        Investor Network: Anixter International Inc. to Host Earnings Call
                    

7/25/2017 7:30:00 AM - AccessWire



                        Anixter Updates 2017 Sales Outlook; Q2 Organic Sales Up 2.6% - Quick Facts
                    

7/25/2017 6:50:00 AM - RTT News




 Subscribe


                More AXE News & Commentary



                Read AXE Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$4.93


Quarterly EPS Est:
1.51


PEG Ratio:
1.47


Mean Recommendation:
3




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX









































Anixter International Inc., Glenview | CCTV Distributors | Contact Anixter International Inc., United States of America (USA) | Security companies - SourceSecurity.com US Edition










Home  |  Settings  |  Marketing Options  |  About Us  |  FAQs    

ProductsNew Product ShowcaseVideo SurveillanceAccess ControlIntruder AlarmsIntegrated SystemsNetwork / IPBiometricsCompaniesAll CompaniesManufacturersDistributorsResellers / Dealers / RepsInstallersConsultantsSystems integratorsEvents, Training, ServicesManned guardingNews Product News Corporate News Applications News Events NewsInsights Expert Commentary Security Beat Security Bytes Round Table DiscussionsRound Table Expert PanelYear in Review 2016Year in Review 2015MarketsAirports & PortsBanking & FinanceEducationGovernment & Public ServicesHealthcareHotels, Leisure & EntertainmentIndustrial & CommercialRemote MonitoringRetail & EASTransportationEventsAll eventsInternational securityRegional securityVertical marketTechnology areasConferences / seminarsCompany sponsoredWhite PapersAccess ControlAsset ManagementIntegrated SystemsIntruder AlarmsPower Supply SystemsSecurity StandardsSecurity StorageSurveillance SoftwareVideo AnalyticsVideo CompressionVideo Management SystemsVideo SurveillanceResourcesVideosWebinarsProductsCorporateCase studiesTrade shows4k & Beyond WebinarBusiness Intelligence WebinarVideo Analytics WebinarREGISTERTerms Navigation: Companies >> Anixter International Inc.Info for advertisersSubmit details for free company listingSubmit details for free event listing

Anixter International Inc.Contact detailsAnixter International Inc.2301 Patriot Blvd.GlenviewIllinois60026-8020United States of America (USA) (224) 521-8000Contact companyAbout Anixter International Inc.Anixter is a leading global supplier of communications & security products, electrical & electronic wire & cable, fasteners & other small components. Throughout the world, Anixter provides innovative supply chain management solutions to reduce customers' total cost of production and implementation. Anixter offers products such as fiber optics, video surveillance, access control,  fire systems, door locks, software, lighting, intercom systems, etc Save   Send to a friend    Email me these details>> Related linksMore CCTV companiesMore DistributorsMore ManufacturersMore Resellers / Dealers / RepsMore security companies in GlenviewMore security companies in IllinoisMore security companies in United States of America (USA)


Featured security companiesArecont VisionArecont Vision is focused on megapixel technology and as the industry leader, has contributed more to the advancement of HD megapixel imaging.Products | News | Case Studies | Webinars | Downloads | Product Demo Videos | Partners | Sales Team | Partner Programs | SolutionsPromise TechnologyPromise Technology - High-Performance Storage Solution ProviderProducts | News | Case Studies | Surveillance Solutions | Videos | Partners | IP Video Surveillance Training CourseAvigilon CorporationAvigilon designs, develops, and manufactures video analytics, network video management software and hardware, surveillance cameras, and access control solutions.Products | News | Case Studies | Industries | Patent License Program | Videos | White PapersKeyscan Inc.Kaba’s commitment to provide customers with the finest in electronic access control solutions remains steadfast.Products | News | Case Studies | Keyscan Solutions | Aurora access control management softwareBCDVideoBCDVideo™ is committed to being the leading provider in best-in-class IP security storage and intelligent building network solutions. Along this path, we shall treat our employees and business partners both ethically and professionally.Products | News | Case Studies | Project Registration | Manufacturer Alliances | Videos | Technical Support | A&E Partner Program | Channel Partner Program | Technology Partners - Video Content Analytics | Technology Partners - Networking | Technology Partners - Camera | Technology Partners - Access Control Software | Technology Partners - VMS | Regional Contacts | Technology Partners - License Plate RecognitionHikvision USA Inc.Hikvision provides a full range of video surveillance products and solutions, being a Total Solution Provider in the video surveillance industry.Products | News | Case Studies | Research & Development Capability | Markets | Videos | Awards | Events & Tradeshows | RoadshowsIDISIDIS is a global security company that designs, develops and manufactures surveillance solutions for a wide range of commercial and public sector markets.Products | News | Case Studies | Surveillance Solutions | Vertical Solutions | Technology | Technology Partners | Videos | IDIS 20th AnniversaryHID GlobalHID Global is the trusted worldwide leader in providing solutions for the delivery of secure identity.Products | News | Case Studies | Solutions | Industries | Technical Services | Secure Identity Services | Global Partners | Sustainability Program | Credential Technologies White PaperVanderbilt IndustriesVanderbilt is a global provider of security systems that strives for innovation in performance across access control, intruder detection, and video managementProducts | News | Case Studies | Product Videos | Security Management System | Video Management System | lite blue® | bright blue® | PartnersInterlogixInterlogix develops next generation security solutions and offers trusted product names, covering all aspects of security.Products | News | Case Studies | Customer Support | Interlogix BrandsSee also:All Companies | Manufacturers | Distributors | Resellers / Dealers / Reps | Installers | Consultants | Systems integrators | Events, Training, Services | Manned guarding
 Latest Video Surveillance  productsMarch Networks MegaPX ATM (Modular) Providing sharp, 3MP images and an impressive 3-foot vertical view of ATM...Promise Technology Auryn 27U  Key To Effective Video Surveillance  
 A secure environment for both...Promise Technology Vess Black (A6120-MS) Promise Technology, the developer of the open storage platform for video...Top CCTV equipment categoriesDome cameras (2,583)IP Dome cameras (2,546)Surveillance cameras (2,505)Digital video recorders (DVRs) (2,049)IP cameras (1,941)Security camera lenses (1,733)Analog Transmission (1,058)Network Video Recorders (NVRs) (895)Security camera housing (881)Video servers (IP transmission) (783)
Anixter International Inc. is one of 1,857 Distributors listed on SourceSecurity.com. Find and contact similar security companies from United States of America (USA) or around the world from our extensive and frequently updated security company directory.Security products | Video Surveillance Systems & Equipment | Access Control | Intruder Alarms | Integrated Systems | Security companies | Markets | Security news | Security events | Security videos | Security White Papers | Security installations | About Us | Contact Us | Sitemap


See privacy and cookie policyClose





















US EditionInternational Edition










Stockflare

	Anixter International Inc. - Home










































 Investor Relations



















Search Investor Relations 


















Home










Anixter 2016 Annual Report
More Details






Who We Are
Learn More






Latest SEC Filings
read more

































Learn More














Normal




News





07/25/17



                                Anixter International Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                            


PDF format download (opens in new window)














07/11/17



                                Anixter International Inc. Announces Its Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call and Upcoming Investor Conference Participation
                            










View All News












Upcoming Events
Past Events


Events & Presentations


07/25/17
09:30 AM CST



Q2 2017 Anixter International Inc. Earnings Conference Call








Add to Apple Calendar




Add to Google Calendar




Add to Microsoft Outlook




Add to iCalendar





Webcast (opens in new window)







Second Quarter 2017 Investor Presentation



Presentation
PDF Format Download (opens in new window)
(PDF)












05/31/17




KeyBanc Capital Markets 2017 Industrial, Automotive & Transportation Conference








Add to Apple Calendar




Add to Google Calendar




Add to Microsoft Outlook




Add to iCalendar















View All Events
















Unmatched Global Capabilities







Customized and Scalable Supply Chain Solutions







Technical Expertise




Learn More













Email Alerts






Email Address
*










Mailing Lists
*






News Release

SEC Filings

Presentation

Event

End-of-Day Stock Quote

Annual Report










 





Enter the code shown above.



*



























Quick Links


Investor Fact Sheet
RSS Feeds
Videos
Annual Report
SEC Filings
FAQs




Contact Us


                    2301 Patriot Blvd             
                    Glenview, IL 60026
                    1.800.ANIXTER
                



IR Contact


                    Lisa M Gregory, CFA             
                    VP of Investor Relations 
224-521-8895
Send Email




Follow Us























NYSE: AXE

78.05
-0.20
-0.26%
Volume: 
8,626
20 Minutes Delay
August 3, 2017

















Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Anixter Inc. 2301 Patriot Boulevard, Glenview, Illinois 60026, USA







Anixter Inc. ©  All Rights Reserved






Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)























Anixter International Inc - Buyer | Colombia | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Anixter International Inc

Anixter Inc is a buyer in Estados Unidos that buys products from Anixter Colombia S A S. Transportation Type Aereo.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Anixter International Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 HUBEI TONGBA CHILDRENS APPLIANCES CO., LTD.                            

 NORBERTO RANGIFO                            

 ANGUIZOLA GUARDIA FERNANDO                            

 PINBO PLASTIC MANUFACTURER (H.K.) LIMITED                            

 KISCO (DEUTSCHLAND) GMBH                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Anixter International Inc
Anixter Inc is a buyer in Estados Unidos that buys products from Anixter Colombia S A S. Transportation Type Aereo.


            Bill of Lading        





Exporter
Buyer



Anixter Colombia S A S
R 70 C 48 A 42 BRR NORMANDIA I SECTOR


Anixter Inc
10051 NW 99 AVE, SUITE # 5MEDLEY FL 33178



Origin
Destination



Colombia


Estados Unidos




Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), FOB (USD), Insurance (USD), Freight (USD), CIF (USD), Brand ID, Operation Type








Arrival Date2017-05-02Transportation TypeAereoHS Code3926909090CustomsSanta Fe de BogotaQuantity / Unit152.00/U 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Anixter International Inc Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Anixter International Inc clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Anixter International Inc










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Anixter International Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 3,218,940 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Giraldo Jimenez Cristian David                                



                                    Contemplas Gmbh                                



                                    Forsta Filters Inc                                



                                    Y-persky Import And Marketing Ltd                                



                                    Umicore Specialty Materials Brugge Nv                                











                     
                                            3,218,940  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3223
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















