




壹條興業有限公司 DATA CHAMPS















 

 

 


































 








M6 15-17吋顏色規格到齊,新增15吋法系車規格
(2014.09.22)



新商品發表R-1R 15吋 4H100 與4H108法系車專用,17吋同步上市
(2014.09.22)



新商品型號:LB2 ,20吋前後配 BMW X5 X6 車系使用
(2014.09.22)



海拉+深唇復古系列風潮 DATA V2 15*8 V3 16*8 ,新色發表上市
(2014.09.22)



派大星海拉風DATA V4 17吋 帥帥上市
(2014.09.22)




 





















 






















新北市泰山區中港南路167號之15　TEL：886-2-85311156　FAX：886-2-85312247
              2012 壹條興業‧版權所有 © 2012 DATA CHAMPS All rights reserved.












data是什么意思_data的翻译_音标_读音_用法_例句_爱词霸在线词典

           小程序                            清除     最新热词                历史记录                    划译    划译      下载词霸Mac版     




                        data                    



英 [ˈdeɪtə]



美 [ˈdetə, ˈdætə, ˈdɑtə]
















                                            考研                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         /                                         

                                                                                        CET6                                                                                                                                                                                                                             /                                         

                                                                                                                                    CET4                                                                                                                                                                                 /                                         







n.

资料，材料；
datum的复数；
[计算机]数据，资料；
从科学实验中提取的价值





















                        一键安装桌面版，查词翻译快三倍
                    








选择要添加的生词本

















                            新建生词本
                        

                            进入生词本
                            






    双语例句 句式用法 权威例句                   查看更多             来自《权威词典》     查看更多                查看更多       四级真题 六级真题        自2010年至今的四级考试中，  共出现过  次            自2010年至今的六级考试中，  共出现过  次           


柯林斯高阶英汉双解学习词典







1


N-UNCOUNT; also N-PLURAL
（尤指可用于分析的）资料，材料，数据（美国英语中通常用作复数名词;在专业或正式的英国英语中有时用作复数名词，有时用作不可数名词)
You can refer to information as data, especially when it is in the form of facts or statistics that you can analyse. In American English, data is usually a plural noun. In technical or formal British English, data is sometimes a plural noun, but at other times, it is an uncount noun.





The study was based on data from 2,100 women...


这项研究基于从 2,100 名女性那里收集来的资料。






...the latest year for which data is available...


有可利用资料的最近的年份





2


N-UNCOUNT
(可存储并为计算机程序所用的）数据
Data is information that can be stored and used by a computer program.





You can compress huge amounts of data on to a CD-ROM.


可以把大量的数据压缩到一张CD-ROM上。







  牛津词典 金山词霸客户端产品已经全面收录牛津词典       牛津词典免费送   点击下载    词霸Android版  牛津词典免费使用! 立刻扫码下载   词霸iOS版  牛津词典免费使用! 立刻扫码下载       词根词缀 词组搭配        {{item.type}}: {{item.type_value}} {{item.type_exp}}                           常用词组                                同义词 同义词解析 反义词                                                                                 英英词典 英汉双向大词典                                                   释义相关词条：                                    汉语词典           繁体  笔画  造字法    首部  五笔  结构         释义      构成    例句    同义词    反义词         释义    例句      同义词    反义词                           网络释义       常用词组              相关词条                  行业词典                     百科             查看更多  本内容来源于            查看更多  本内容来源于              今日热词 热门搜索         你好   海龟   allude   海归   空气污染   regularly   志愿者   tendency   test   explicitly        阅卷笔录   孙中山   宋慧乔   家庭软暴力   海警   duck feather   天下第一泉   ecotour   干菜类   我是特种兵         创建新的生词本     i该生词本已经创建啦!  i不可以出现中文，英文，数字之外的符号哒!  i生词本名称长度不能大于24字符!  i请填写生词本名称!  取消 创建         每日一句                       精彩推荐               爱词霸查词为您提供在线翻译、英语翻译、英文翻译、英译汉、汉译英、fanyi等权威在线翻译服务！  京ICP证100054号    新出网证<京>字011号 京网文【2014】0937-238号 京ICP备06025896号 京公网安备        一键安装词霸桌面版，释义更精准，速度快三倍！ 点击下载      


A/B testing - Wikipedia






















 






A/B testing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Example of A/B testing on a website. By randomly serving visitors two versions of a website that differ only in the design of a single button element, the relative efficacy of the two designs can be measured


In marketing and business intelligence, A/B testing is a term for a controlled experiment with two variants, A and B.[1] It can be considered as a form of statistical hypothesis testing with two variants leading to the technical term, two-sample hypothesis testing, used in the field of statistics. Other terms used for this method include bucket tests and split-run testing. These terms can have a wider applicability to more than two variants, but the term A/B testing is also frequently used in the context of testing more than two variants. In online settings, such as web design (especially user experience design), the goal of A/B testing is to identify changes to web pages that increase or maximize an outcome of interest (e.g., click-through rate for a banner advertisement). Formally the current web page is associated with the null hypothesis. A/B testing is a way to compare two versions of a single variable typically by testing a subject's response to variable A against variable B, and determining which of the two variables is more effective.[2]
As the name implies, two versions (A and B) are compared, which are identical except for one variation that might affect a user's behavior. Version A might be the currently used version (control), while version B is modified in some respect (treatment). For instance, on an e-commerce website the purchase funnel is typically a good candidate for A/B testing, as even marginal improvements in drop-off rates can represent a significant gain in sales. Significant improvements can sometimes be seen through testing elements like copy text, layouts, images and colors,[3] but not always. The vastly larger group of statistics broadly referred to as multivariate testing or multinomial testing is similar to A/B testing, but may test more than two different versions at the same time and/or has more controls, etc. Simple A/B tests are not valid for observational, quasi-experimental or other non-experimental situations, as is common with survey data, offline data, and other, more complex phenomena.
A/B testing has been marketed by some as a change in philosophy and business strategy in certain niches, though the approach is identical to a between-subjects design, which is commonly used in a variety of research traditions.[4][5][6] A/B testing as a philosophy of web development brings the field into line with a broader movement toward evidence-based practice. The benefits of A/B testing are considered to be that it can be performed continuously on almost anything, especially since most marketing automation software now, typically, comes with the ability to run A/B tests on an on-going basis. This allows for updating websites and other tools, using current resources, to keep up with changing trends.



Contents


1 Common test statistics
2 History
3 An emailing campaign example
4 Segmentation and targeting
5 Acceptance
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading



Common test statistics[edit]
"Two-sample hypothesis tests" are appropriate for comparing the two samples where the samples are divided by the two control cases in the experiment. Z-tests are appropriate for comparing means under stringent conditions regarding normality and a known standard deviation. Student's t-tests are appropriate for comparing means under relaxed conditions when less is assumed. Welch's t test assumes the least and is therefore the most commonly used test in a two-sample hypothesis test where the mean of a metric is to be optimized. While the mean of the variable to be optimized is the most common choice of estimator, others are regularly used.
For a comparison of two binomial distributions such as a click-through rate one would use Fisher's exact test.


Assumed Distribution
Example Case
Standard Test
Alternative Test


Gaussian
Average Revenue Per Paying User
Welch's t-test (Unpaired t-test)
Student's t-test


Binomial
Click Through Rate
Fisher's exact test
Barnard's test


Poisson
Average Transactions Per Paying User
E-test[7]
C-test


Multinomial
Number of each product Purchased
Chi-squared test



Unknown
--
Mann–Whitney U test
Gibbs sampling


History[edit]
Like most fields, setting a date for the advent of a new method is difficult because of the continuous evolution of a topic. Where the difference could be defined is when the switch was made from using any assumed information from the populations to a test performed on the samples alone. This work was done in 1908 by William Sealy Gosset when he altered the Z-test to create Student's t-test.[8][9]
Google engineers ran their first A/B test in the year 2000 in an attempt to determine what the optimum number of results to display on its search engine results page would be.[2] The first test was unsuccessful due to glitches that resulted from slow loading times. Later A/B testing research would be more advanced, but the foundation and underlying principles generally remain the same, and in 2011, 11 years after Google’s first test, Google ran over 7,000 different A/B tests.[2]
An emailing campaign example[edit]
A company with a customer database of 2,000 people decides to create an email campaign with a discount code in order to generate sales through its website. It creates two versions of the email with different call to action (the part of the copy which encourages customers to do something — in the case of a sales campaign, make a purchase) and identifying promotional code.

To 1,000 people it sends the email with the call to action stating, "Offer ends this Saturday! Use code A1",
and to another 1,000 people it sends the email with the call to action stating, "Offer ends soon! Use code B1".

All other elements of the emails' copy and layout are identical. The company then monitors which campaign has the higher success rate by analyzing the use of the promotional codes. The email using the code A1 has a 5% response rate (50 of the 1,000 people emailed used the code to buy a product), and the email using the code B1 has a 3% response rate (30 of the recipients used the code to buy a product). The company therefore determines that in this instance, the first Call To Action is more effective and will use it in future sales. A more nuanced approach would involve applying statistical testing to determine if the differences in response rates between A1 and B1 were statistically significant (that is, highly likely that the differences are real, repeatable, and not due to random chance).[10]
In the example above, the purpose of the test is to determine which is the more effective way to encourage customers to make a purchase. If, however, the aim of the test had been to see which email would generate the higher click-rate – that is, the number of people who actually click onto the website after receiving the email – then the results might have been different.
For example, even though more of the customers receiving the code B1 accessed the website, because the Call To Action didn't state the end-date of the promotion many of them may feel no urgency to make an immediate purchase. Consequently, if the purpose of the test had been simply to see which email would bring more traffic to the website, then the email containing code B1 might well have been more successful. An A/B test should have a defined outcome that is measurable such as number of sales made, click-rate conversion, or number of people signing up/registering.[11]
Segmentation and targeting[edit]
A/B tests most commonly apply the same variant (e.g., user interface element) with equal probability to all users. However, in some circumstances, responses to variants may be heterogeneous. That is, while a variant A might have a higher response rate overall, variant B may have an even higher response rate within a specific segment of the customer base.[12]
For example, the breakdown of the response rates by gender could have been:


Gender
Overall
Men
Women


Total sends
2,000
1,000
1,000


Total responses
80
35
45


Variant A
50/ 1,000 (5%)
10/ 500 (2%)
40/ 500 (8%)


Variant B
30/ 1,000 (3%)
25/ 500 (5%)
5/ 500 (1%)


In this case, we can see that while variant A had a higher response rate overall, variant B actually had a higher response rate with men.
As a result, the company might select a segmented strategy as a result of the A/B test, sending variant B to men and variant A to women in the future. In this example, a segmented strategy would yield an increase in expected response rates from 



5
%
=



40
+
10


500
+
500





{\textstyle 5\%={\frac {40+10}{500+500}}}

 to 



6.5
%
=



40
+
25


500
+
500





{\textstyle 6.5\%={\frac {40+25}{500+500}}}

 – constituting a 30% increase.
It is important to note that if segmented results are expected from the A/B test, the test should be properly designed at the outset to be evenly distributed across key customer attributes, such as gender. That is, the test should both (a) contain a representative sample of men vs. women, and (b) assign men and women randomly to each “variant” (variant A vs. variant B). Failure to do so could lead to experiment bias and inaccurate conclusions to be drawn from the test.[13]
This segmentation and targeting approach can be further generalized to include multiple customer attributes rather than a single customer attribute – for example, customers' age AND gender – to identify more nuanced patterns that may exist in the test results.
Acceptance[edit]
Many companies use the "designed experiment" approach to making marketing decisions, with the expectation that relevant sample results can improve positive conversion results.[14] It is an increasingly common practice as the tools and expertise grows in this area. There are many A/B testing case studies which show that the practice of testing is increasingly becoming popular with small and medium-sized businesses as well.[15]
See also[edit]

Adaptive control
Choice modelling
Multi-armed bandit
Multivariate testing
Test statistic

References[edit]


^ Kohavi, Ron; Longbotham, Roger (2015). "Online Controlled Experiments and A/B Tests". In Sammut, Claude; Webb, Geoff. Encyclopedia of Machine Learning and Data Mining (PDF). Springer. pp. to appear. 
^ a b c "The ABCs of A/B Testing - Pardot". Pardot. Retrieved 2016-02-21. 
^ "Split Testing Guide for Online Stores". webics.com.au. August 27, 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-28. 
^ Christian, Brian (2000-02-27). "The A/B Test: Inside the Technology That's Changing the Rules of Business | Wired Business". Wired.com. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ Christian, Brian. "Test Everything: Notes on the A/B Revolution | Wired Enterprise". Wired.com. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ Cory Doctorow (2012-04-26). "A/B testing: the secret engine of creation and refinement for the 21st century". Boing Boing. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ Krishnamoorthy, K.; Thomson, Jessica (2004). "A more powerful test for comparing two Poisson means". Journal of Statistical Planning and Inference. 119: 23. doi:10.1016/S0378-3758(02)00408-1. 
^ "Brief history and background for the one sample t-test". 
^ Box, Joan Fisher (1987). "Guinness, Gosset, Fisher, and Small Samples". Statistical Science. 2 (1): 45–52. doi:10.1214/ss/1177013437. 
^ Amazon.com. "The Math Behind A/B Testing". Developer.amazon.com. Archived from the original on 2015-09-21. Retrieved 2015-04-12. 
^ Kohavi, Ron; Longbotham, Roger; Sommerfield, Dan; Henne, Randal M. (2009). "Controlled experiments on the web: survey and practical guide" (PDF). Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery. Berlin: Springer. 18 (1): 140–181. ISSN 1384-5810. doi:10.1007/s10618-008-0114-1. 
^ "Advanced A/B Testing Tactics That You Should Know | Testing & Usability". Online-behavior.com. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ "Eight Ways You’ve Misconfigured Your A/B Test". Dr. Jason Davis. 2013-09-12. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ "The Complete Guide To Conversion Rate Optimization". Omniconvert. Retrieved 2017-01-05. 
^

"A/B Split Testing | Multivariate Testing | Case Studies". Visual Website Optimizer. Retrieved 2015-09-08. 
"A/B Testing Case Studies". Optimizely. Retrieved 2015-11-24. 
"Apptimize Mobile A/B Testing Case Studies". Apptimize. 




Further reading[edit]

"A Marketer’s Guide to A/B Testing". CleverTap Blog. CleverTap. 





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=A/B_testing&oldid=793509027"					
Categories: Market researchExperimentsSoftware testing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


AzərbaycancaČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisעבריתNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 August 2017, at 05:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Product news - ABC Data SA













Group Companies:


PL


CZ


SK


LT


HU


RO







Polish corporate version







	ABC Data SA current share price:
    
        
	






















Our Offer
    
            >
        
    Product news


Product news










 





 2016-01-19
ABC Data supports Sferia’s nomadic service!




                    ABC Data, a leader in the market of IT hardware and consumer electronics distribution, is now an official partner of telecom operator SFERIA S.A. ABC Data will be responsible for providing the equipment and accessories necessary for Sferia’s nomadic service throughout Poland.

            
                    


                            ABC Data supports Sferia’s nomadic service!
                        






 2016-01-13
ABC Data - new year marked by even more extensive offer




                    One of the most important elements of building competitive advantage in modern distribution is complementary portfolio of products. ABC Data, in line with adopted strategy, has been rapidly expanding its offer. Recently, the assortment of the company has been extended by new solutions in the field of data protection and storage, alternative consumables for printing devices, as well as new brands of toys, stationery, tools and power tools. Systematic broadening of the offer results from adopted manner of operation on the basis of the one-stop-shop model.

            
                    


                            ABC Data - new year marked by even more extensive offer
                        






 2016-01-12
Availability of data offered by ABC Data




                    Efficient data protection and maintenance of business continuity are the priorities set by modern enterprises. Realizing the importance of the issue, ABC Data has introduced the products of Veeam Software, a renowned company, to its offer. They allow efficient creation of backup copies and retrieval of applications and data. In the distributor's portfolio there are solutions developed by Veeam and available for Hyper-V-based virtual environments.

            
                    


                            Availability of data offered by ABC Data
                        






 2015-12-30
Cloud building and cloud security with ABC Data




                    With the growing popularity of cloud solutions, more and more businesses and individuals are adopting cloud computing services to store data and use applications based on both private and public clouds. ABC Data, a leading IT hardware distributor, has continuously expanded its hardware and software portfolio to offer solutions that ensure smooth operation and security of cloud-stored files.

            
                    


                            Cloud building and cloud security with ABC Data
                        






 2015-12-11
Everyone can feel safe - a wide range of IT security products available at ABC Data




                    Safety, in general sense, is one of key areas for IT Distributors and their Customers because the level of threats to IT systems and devices is rapidly increasing and, therefore, there is a rise in demand for cyber protection. ABC Data cares for the safety in the virtual world by providing anti-virus programs and solutions which protect IT systems and devices. The distributor's offer now includes new security products - anti-virus solutions offered by AVG Technologies, the world leader in the field, and just a few days ago ABC Data introduced Dell SonicWALL TZ firewalls to its offer, guaranteeing inspection of transferred data packages, also including encrypted traffic.

            
                    


                            Everyone can feel safe - a wide range of IT security products available at ABC Data
                        








             
    
    


1


            2
        

            3
        

            4
        

            5
        
























壹條興業有限公司 DATA CHAMPS


















 

 

 































































 


 








HOME > PRODUCT > 15&16 INCH
 



























 
 
















新北市泰山區中港南路167號之15　TEL：886-2-85311156　FAX：886-2-85312247
              2012 壹條興業‧版權所有 © 2012 DATA CHAMPS All rights reserved.












Chemir Analytical Services, St Louis, MO is now EAG Laboratories!







































 






EAG Laboratories












 



 Industries                    








Medical Device (1)

Medical Devices










Pharmaceutical (4)

Pharmaceuticals
Biopharmaceuticals
Generic Drugs
Veterinary Drugs










Food & Agriculture (3)

Crop Protection
Biotech Crops
Food










Chemicals & Basic Materials (4)

Biocides
Industrial Chemicals
Mining & Metals
Coatings & Adhesives










Consumer Products (4)

Personal Care
Products for Home & Garden
Packaging
Consumer Electronics










Aerospace & Defense (2)

Aerospace
Defense










Technology (6)

Semiconductors
Lighting & LED
Solar/PV
Data Storage
Energy Storage & Batteries
Electronics










Law (1)

Law & Litigation









 Services                    





Environmental Testing (12)

Aquatic ToxicologyTerrestrial ToxicologyAvian ToxicologyPollinator TestingPlant & Animal MetabolismResidue ChemistryField ManagementProduct ChemistryMD & MVEnvironmental FateERA for PharmaceuticalsPercutaneous Absorption 





Materials Testing (11)

Surface AnalysisMaterials CharacterizationComposition & Materials IDContaminant IdentificationTrace Elemental AnalysisAdvanced MicroscopyFailure Analysis – MaterialsDeformulationMetallurgical AnalysisPolymer ChemistryExtractables & Leachables 





Drug Development (12)

Analytical MD & MVStability & QC ReleaseBinding AssaysAnimal MetabolismImpurities AnalysisExtractables & LeachablescGMP Biopharma ServicesBiopharma CharacterizationReference Standard ManagementReverse EngineeringDermal AbsorptioncGMP Radiolabeling 





Engineering (7)

ATE Test & EngineeringBurn-in & ReliabilityESD & Latch-up TestingFailure AnalysisFIB Circuit Edit & DebugPCB Design & AssemblyAdvanced Microscopy 





Crop Sciences (Biotech Crop Development) (7)

Protein Expression AnalysisNutritional EquivalencyAssays & BioassaysPlant MetabolismResidue AnalysisAllergenicity ProfilingCrop MD & MV 




Custom Synthesis/Radiolabeling

Custom SynthesisRadiolabelingcGMP Radiolabeling 




Consulting & Expert Testimony

Consulting & Expert TestimonyConsumer Product SafetyIndustrial ConsultingIntellectual PropertyProduct Liability 







 Techniques                    





Chromatography (8)

GCGPCHPLCICUHPLCTLCCESEC-MALS 





Mass Spectrometry (12)

SIMSGDMSGC-MSICP-MSTOF-SIMSLC-MSGC-MS/MSHRMSLA-ICP-MSLC-MS-MSQTRAPPyro-GC-MS 





Spectroscopy (21)

XPS-ESCAAugerFTIRXRDRamanRBSColorimetryEDSEELSELISAICP-OESIGANMRNRAPIXEPCRTXRFUV-VisXRFXRRHFS 





Imaging (9)

TEM-STEMSEMDual Beam – FIBEBSDAFMOPAugerRTXTOF-SIMS 





Physical/Chemical Characterization (13)

DSCRTXSAMTGARGADPADMATMATG-DTATG-EGAViscositypHTLC 




Engineering Testing Techniques (6)

ATE Testing TechniquesESD TechniquesFailure Analysis TechniquesFIB Circuit Edit TechniquesPCB Design & AssemblyReliability Testing Techniques 







 About                    




A Global Scientific Services Company

About EAG 





Senior Leadership (9)

Siddhartha C. KadiaAmanda HalfordPatricia M. LindleyAram SarkissianTomoya AoyamaCarey LewisAlisa JudgeStefan KarnavasDan Tilley 




Certifications + Accreditations

Certifications + Accreditations 




Success Stories

Success Stories 











How do you get a fast response?








Ask EAG








EAG Laboratories | St. Louis, MO Formerly known as CHEMIR Analytical Services, this 20,000 sq. ft. laboratory was founded in 1959.  EAG scientists at this location specialize in investigative analytical chemistry to solve difficult problems, including deformulation, plastic testing and coatings testing. They are also experienced with providing litigation support and expert witness services. Located in suburban St. Louis, in Maryland Heights MO, this facility was acquired by EAG Laboratories in 2011.
The St. Louis laboratory offers scientific solutions to a wide variety of industries, including consumer products, industrial goods, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and basic materials. This location is cGMP Compliant, ISO 9001:2008 Registered, FDA Registered and DEA Licensed.
Key solutions include:
Deformulation
Deformulation (reverse engineering) is the separation, identification and quantitation of all the ingredients in a product. As our premier analytical service, a full EAG (formerly CHEMIR) deformulation uncovers the raw materials, with absolute concentrations of each ingredient. EAG’s deformulation report includes tables of ingredients and their relative concentrations, original data, and determining conclusions and recommendations. Finally, once armed with this information, clients succeed in improving their products, shortening R&D efforts, and resolving legal disputes.
Materials Identification
We strive to understand the chemistry of components by using materials identification. Equipped with a wide variety of instrumentation, EAG can determine the components of unknown materials, confirm the identity of a suspect material or identify differences in similar materials. By gaining an understanding of the material’s identity, our clients can determine the cause of difficult problems.
Contaminant Identification
Contaminant identification involves the identification of particulates or low level unknown components in products. EAG’s contaminant identification service varies in scope depending on the concerns of our clients. This may range from a simple determination of a chemical family for due diligence to a complete structure elucidation, quantitation and toxicity risk assessment, in partnership with a toxicologist. We provide compelling solutions to solve critical problems, resulting in product improvement, safety assessment, and resolution of legal disputes.
Failure Analysis
Failure analysis can determine the possible causes of poor product performance. A product failure may involve breakage, loss of adhesion, embrittlement, or a decrease in performance. Our history as Chemir Analytical Services, and many years of experience investigating material and product failures allows us to recognize the indicators of failure and follow these leads to their root cause. We will help you define the problem and recommend solutions.
Custom Synthesis
With years of experience, our custom synthesis team offers organic synthesis of compounds from the milligram to kilogram scale. EAG provides research of synthetic routes, as well as design and preparation of compounds. We can also assist with long term projects, producing a variety of analogs for your evaluation. EAG specializes in addressing synthesis projects that require fast turnaround and clear communication of results. We will safeguard your confidentiality and you retain full intellectual property ownership of your materials.
Litigation Support
Clients turn to EAG (formerly Chemir) for dependable answers to legal challenges. Our knowledgeable experts offer investigative analytical chemistry for cases involving intellectual property, product liability and insurance. With over 50 years of experience, our outstanding reputation for analytical integrity, accurate testing, data interpretations and expert testimony has helped many clients resolve legal issues.
Coatings Product Development
EAG’s paint chemists are formulations experts. We will collaborate with you to determine the specific characteristics of your new product. With our extensive laboratory resources, we can test batch samples for performance and subsequent production optimization. We also work with raw material suppliers to create pilot batches of formulated products with their innovative materials.

Contact Information
Formerly Chemir Analytical Services 


2672 Metro Blvd.
Maryland Heights, 
MO
63043 

Phone +1 314-291-6620  |  + 1 800-659-7659                    Fax +1 314 291 6630            
 








Contact

Key Markets Served


Pharmaceuticals
Consumer Electronics
Law & Litigation
Medical Devices
Industrial Chemicals
Coatings & Adhesives
Generic Drugs
Mining & Metals
Personal Care
Products for Home & Garden
Packaging
Electronics
Aerospace
Defense
Semiconductors
Veterinary Drugs

Show More



Key Related Services


Custom Synthesis
Deformulation
Contaminant Identification
Surface Analysis
Materials Characterization
Composition & Materials ID
Trace Elemental Analysis
Advanced Microscopy
Metallurgical Analysis
Polymer Chemistry
Extractables & Leachables
Failure Analysis - Materials

Show More



Key Relevant Techniques


GC-MS
LC-MS
GPC
NMR
GC
HPLC
IC
UHPLC
GC-MS/MS
EDS
FTIR
UV-Vis
SEM
DMA
DSC
TGA
TMA

Show More
























































Analytics, Business Intelligence and Data Management | SAS













SAS | The Power to Know








分析軟體&解決方案

Request a SAS Demo












Industry–Leading Analytics
With the right insights, anything is possible.














Experience your new possible™









 
The Latest Trends, Topics and Insights from the Analytics Leader




SOFTWARE

 SAS® Viya™, 專為創新而打造的開放式平台.











SOFTWARE

強大的智能分析: SAS® Visual Investigator.











SOFTWARE

了解 SAS® Visual Data Mining and Machine Learning.











CUSTOMER STORY

客戶案例:芬蘭VR Group運用IoT & 預測分析提供精準旅運服務.











NEWS

Gartner 將SAS評為數據整合工具領導者.











NEWS

The Internet of Things: 4個物聯網應用實例.



















Why SAS Is the Analytics Leader
We’ve been applying analytics to the toughest business problems for decades. With SAS, you get solutions built on a powerful analytics platform – and millions of lessons learned.



Discover the SAS Difference























 
 
 
Award-Winning Software and Services You Can Trust

















Solutions for a Competitive Advantage









 進階分析
 











 
商業智能












 
客戶智慧













 數據管理













 風險管理













 詐欺與安全智能






View all solutions









 
Solutions Tailored to Your Industry

選擇您的產業


Automotive
Banking
Capital Markets
Casinos
Communications
Consumer Goods
Defense & Security
Government
Health Care
Health Insurance
High-Tech Manufacturing
Higher Education
Hotels
Insurance
Life Sciences
Manufacturing
Media
Mid-Size Business
Oil & Gas
Retail Analytics
Sports Analytics
Travel & Transportation
Utilities









Customers Working Smarter with SAS
 





















































Read more customer stories







 
Connect with SAS
 


Careers

Discover why SAS ranks high on best places to work lists and find the job that’s right for you.



Communities


Share ideas, find answers and stay connected with a community 60,000 members strong.



Contact Us

We're here to help with contact information for sales, customer service and technical support.


 
 





























Back to Top




