



Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.
 



Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.
 

Company Profile








































 













 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 










CapitalCube - Fundamental Analysis On Demand































































































Companies in Malaysia, List of businesses, suppliers, manufacturers in Malaysia  | BusinessVibes









































 
 










 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events
















Browse Companies in Malaysia






Search companies within your industry and region:


Search

Please select Country or Industry



Companies
Events
Association










 









  Add Your Company
Add Your Company


 Create Event
3 Step Event Creation


 Find Events
Easy to Find Events











Related Pages

Top CompaniesTop Companies in MalaysiaTop Earning CompaniesTop Earning Companies in Malaysia



 Recommended Companies





















There's more to explore...
Gain access to millions of companies at your fingertips!














Microlink Solutions Berhad: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 1:21 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Microlink Solutions Berhad



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Microlink Solutions Berhad, an investment holding company, engages in the research and development of information technology solutions to the financial services industry in Malaysia and internationally. The company provides MiBS, which provides a suite of integrated banking solutions, including branch delivery system, Internet banking, intelligent device banking, phone banking, electronic banking center, and ATM and inter-bank gateway for conventional and Islamic banking; and Islamic core-banking solutions. It also offers OneScreen, an Internet application that delivers retail core bank and finance applications; and OneFramework, a specialized banking service platform facilitating product in...
Microlink Solutions Berhad, an investment holding company, engages in the research and development of information technology solutions to the financial services industry in Malaysia and internationally. The company provides MiBS, which provides a suite of integrated banking solutions, including branch delivery system, Internet banking, intelligent device banking, phone banking, electronic banking center, and ATM and inter-bank gateway for conventional and Islamic banking; and Islamic core-banking solutions. It also offers OneScreen, an Internet application that delivers retail core bank and finance applications; and OneFramework, a specialized banking service platform facilitating product innovation; and ServicesInOne, a hotline/helpdesk that provides access to MICROLINK support center. In addition, the company provides conventional banking deposit services, such as saving, current, or checking accounts, as well as termed and fixed deposits; conventional banking financing services comprising corporate loans, retail loans, hire purchases, leasing, and share financing; conventional banking treasury and trade finance services consisting of trade finance, remittance, money market, and foreign exchange; and Shariah compliance solutions, as well as trades and markets computer software programs and hardware products. Further, it engages in the provision of consultancy services in supporting and modifying banking software, as well as computer repair and maintenance services; supply of computer parts, accessories, computers, and peripherals; development of information and multimedia technology; and the provision of deployment services. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Microlink Solutions Berhad is a subsidiary of Omesti Holdings Berhad.
Detailed Description


Menara Atlan6th Floor161B, Jalan AmpangKuala Lumpur,  50450MalaysiaFounded in 1994



Phone: 60 3 2171 2200

Fax: 60 3 2171 2240

www.microlink.com.my







Key Executives for Microlink Solutions Berhad


Microlink Solutions Berhad does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Microlink Solutions Berhad Key Developments

Microlink Solutions Berhad Appoints Tun Arifin Bin Zakaria as Independent and Non Executive Director and Chairman
Jun 6 17
Microlink Solutions Berhad announced the appointment of Tun Arifin Bin Zakaria as Independent and Non Executive director and Chairman. Tun Arifin was elevated as the 13th Chief Justice of Malaysia, where he served until his retirement from office on 31 March 2017.


Microlink Solutions Berhad Incorporation of New Subsidiary, PT. Microlink International Maju in Indonesia
Jun 1 17
The Board of Directors of Microlink Solutions Berhad announced that the company had on 1 June 2017 incorporated a new subsidiary known as PT. Microlink International Maju in Indonesia, with an authorised share capital of USD 800,000.00 and the issued and paid-up share capital of USD 250,000.00. Upon completion of the Incorporation, the company shall indirectly hold 65% of the entire issued and paid-up share capital of PTMIM and this would render PTMIM an indirect subsidiary of the company. The Incorporation mainly to facilitate the Group's business expansion plans.


Microlink Solutions Berhad Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended March 31, 2017
May 29 17
Microlink Solutions Berhad reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenue of MYR 51,964,000 compared to MYR 62,165,000 a year ago. Profit before taxation was MYR 3,910,000 compared to MYR 517,000 a year ago. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was MYR 4,728,000 or 2.82 sen per basic and diluted share compared to MYR 770,000 or 0.51 sen per basic and diluted share a year ago. 

For the year, the company reported revenue of MYR 252,209,000 compared to MYR 236,299,000 a year ago. Profit before taxation was MYR 2,522,000 compared to MYR 3,118,000 a year ago. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was MYR 780,000 or 0.47 sen per basic and diluted share compared to MYR 1,347,000 or 0.89 sen per basic and diluted share a year ago. Net cash from operating activities was MYR 7,874,000 compared to MYR 4,816,000 a year ago. Addition of software development expenditure was MYR 35,483,000 compared to MYR 970,000 a year ago. Purchase of property, plant and equipment was MYR 375,000 compared to MYR 158,000 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3D International Sd. Bhd. Asia Accountants Online Sdn Bhd Asia ASAP Berhad Asia Biztrak Business Solutions Sdn. Bhd. Asia Building Operation Support System Sdn. Bhd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Microlink Solutions Berhad, please visit www.microlink.com.my.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























